Q: What is Sainte-Croix-sur-Mer?
A: Sainte-Croix-sur-Mer is a commune.

Q: What is Hurricane Ingrid?
A: Hurricane Ingrid was a strong Category 1 hurricane which struck eastern Mexico at the same time another storm struck the western parts.

Q: What is Sisimpur?
A: Sisimpur is the Bangladeshi version of the American children's television series Sesame Street.

Q: What is Inductive charging?
A: In short, Inductive charging is a type of wireless power transfer that uses electromagnetic induction to provide electricity to portable devices.

Q: What is Happiness (1935 movie)?
A: Happiness () is a 1935 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin.

Q: What is House of Lords?
A: The House of Lords is one of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom (UK).

Q: What is Simone Simon?
A: Simone Thérèse Fernande Simon (23 April 1910 or 1911 – 22 February 2005) was a French actress.

Q: What is Bad Life (Public Image Ltd song)?
A: "Bad Life" is a 1984 song by English alternative rock band Public Image Ltd.

Q: What is Battle of the Bulge?
A: Infobox Military Conflict |75th Division photographed in the Ardennes during the Battle of the Bulge.

Q: What is Feng Tianwei?
A: Feng Tianwei (simplified Chinese: 风天威; traditional Chinese: 峰天王; Pinyin Feńg Tianwēi; born August 31, 1986 in Harbin) is a female Singaporean table tennis player who competed at the Olympic Games 2012 in London.

Q: What is Status Quo?
A: Status Quo, also known as The Quo or just Quo, is a rock band from England.

Q: What is Cornufer elegans?
A: The elegant sticky-toed frog (Cornufer elegans) is a frog.

Q: What is White Mountain, Alaska?
A: White Mountain is a city near Nome, Alaska.

Q: What is Pinal County, Arizona?
A: Pinal County is a county in the central part of the U.S.

Q: What is Yukio Shimomura?
A: is a former Japanese football player and manager.

Q: What is Bagong Silang?
A: Bagong Silang or Barangay 176 is a barangay of Caloocan, Metro Manila, Philippines.

Q: What is Universal Kids?
A: Universal Kids was a brand for preschool-oriented programmes distributed by DreamWorks Animation, satellite and television network owned by the NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment Group subsidiary of NBCUniversal, itself a division of Comcast.

Q: What is Edward Flak?
A: Edward Flak (13 May 1948 &ndash; 11 November 2020) was a Polish lawyer and politician.

Q: What is Sea of Thieves?
A: Sea of Thieves is an action-adventure video game.

Q: What is Atizapán National Airport?
A: Jorge Jiménez Cantú National Airport or Atizapán National Airport, is an airport in Atizapán de Zaragoza Municipality, Mexico.

Q: What is Aegean Sea?
A: The Aegean Sea, part of the Mediterranean Sea, is between Greece and Anatolia.

Q: What is American Association?
A: The American Association was a Minor League Baseball league based mostly in the Midwestern United States from 1902 to 1962 and 1969 to 1997.

Q: What is Maillat?
A: Maillat is a commune that is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Q: What is Felipe Calderón?
A: Felipe de Jesús Calderón Hinojosa (born August 18, 1962) is a Mexican politician.

Q: What is Kevin Meyer (politician)?
A: Kevin Gerald Meyer (born May 9, 1956) is an American politician and businessman.

Q: What is Wang Jun (businessman)?
A: at the White House in February 1996 Wang Jun (; April 11, 1941 – June 10, 2019) was a Chinese business executive.

Q: What is Interlingua grammar?
A: Interlingua is a planned language.

Q: What is Josie Knight?
A: Josie Knight is a racing cyclist from Ireland.

Q: What is Gustavo Peña?
A: Gustavo Peña Velasco (22 November 1942 – 19 January 2021) was a Mexican football defender and manager.

Q: What is Audi A8?
A: The Audi A8 is the largest car produced by Audi.

Q: What is Targeted killing?
A: like the MQ-9 Reaper, named after the grim reaper.

Q: What is Plitt Theatres?
A: Plitt Theaters was a major movie theater chain in the United States.

Q: What is Central Powers?
A: The Central Powers were a group of nations fighting against the Allied Powers during World War I.

Q: What is East Lynne (1931 movie)?
A: East Lynne is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Ann Harding, Clive Brook, Conrad Nagel, Cecilia Loftus, Eric Mayne.

Q: What is 1916?
A: 1916 (MCMXVI) was a leap year starting on Saturday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Friday in the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Zhu Yuli?
A: Zhu Yuli (; February 1934 – 8 January 2020) was a Chinese politician and businessman.

Q: What is Rogatien Vachon?
A: Rogatien "Rogie" Vachon (born September 8, 1945 in Palmarolle, Quebec) was a French-Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens, Los Angeles Kings, Detroit Red Wings, and Boston Bruins in the National Hockey League.

Q: What is Giardia lamblia?
A: Giardia lamblia (also known as Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis) is a parasite that infects the intestines and causes giardiasis or 'beaver fever'.

Q: What is Ostprignitz-Ruppin?
A: Ostprignitz-Ruppin is a Kreis (district) in the northwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany.

Q: What is Psychoneuroimmunology?
A: Psychoneuroimmunology (PNI) is the study of the interaction between psychological processes and the nervous and immune systems of the human body.

Q: What is Marta Becket?
A: Marta Becket (August 9, 1924 – January 30, 2017) was an dancer, choreographer and painter.

Q: What is Byron Center, Michigan?
A: Byron Center is an unincorporated community in Kent County in the U.S.

Q: What is Grown Ups (movie)?
A: Grown Ups is a 2010 American comedy movie directed by Dennis Dugan, written by Adam Sandler and Fred Wolf.

Q: What is Cook County Treasurer?
A: The Cook County treasurer is the treasurer of county government in Cook County, Illinois.

Q: What is Debbie Handley?
A: Debbie Handley Cummins is an Australian water polo player.

Q: What is Baden-Baden?
A: Baden-Baden () is a spa town with around 50,000 inhabitants in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Q: What is DHL?
A: DHL is an American founded German international logistics company.

Q: What is Flag of the Gambia?
A: The national flag of the Gambia has three horizontal red, blue and green stripes separated by two thinner white stripes.

Q: What is Fujitsu?
A: , Fujitsu's world headquarters in Tokyo, Japan Fujitsu is a Japanese company that specializes in semiconductors, computers (supercomputers, personal computers, servers), telecommunications, and services.

Q: What is Eduardo Feinmann?
A: Eduardo Guillermo Feinmann (Buenos Aires, October 31, 1958) is an Argentine lawyer, journalist, political analyst, radio and television presenter.

Q: What is Disco Inferno (wrestler)?
A: Glenn Gilbertti (born November 12, 1968 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American professional wrestler who was best known for wrestling with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name, Disco Inferno.

Q: What is Scoutcraft?
A: Scoutcraft is a form of woodcraft skills used in the woods and the "backcountry." Though it has been practiced for hundreds of years, it was first called "scoutcraft" by Robert Baden-Powell and Ernest Thompson Seton, who wrote books about it about a hundred years ago.

Q: What is Krzysztof Zanussi?
A: Krzysztof Pius Zanussi, (born 17 June 1939) is a Polish producer and movie director.

Q: What is Partition of Iraq?
A: In the years after the United States invaded Iraq in 2003, some people have said that they support the idea of partitioning Iraq, or dividing Iraq into three (or more) separate parts (a Sunni Arab part, a Shi'a Arab part, and a Kurdish part).

Q: What is Internet slang?
A: Internet slang is slang words which are used on the internet.

Q: What is Pappelstadion?
A: The Pappelstadion is a football stadium in the Austrian city of Mattersburg, Burgenland.

Q: What is Ali Khamenei?
A: Ali Hosseini Khamenei (born 19 April 1939) is an Iranian cleric and politician who has served as the second Supreme Leader of Iran.

Q: What is Japan at the Olympics?
A: Japan at the Olympics is a history which includes 41 games in 22 countries and 3,000+ athletes.

Q: What is Oppositional defiant disorder?
A: Oppositional defiant disorder is a mental disorder.

Q: What is Maggie Wheeler?
A: Maggie Wheeler (born Margaret Emily Jakobson, August 7, 1961) is an American movie and television actress.

Q: What is Amrita Sher-Gil?
A: Amrita Sher-Gil (30 January 1913 – 5 December 1941) was a famous Indian artist and painter.

Q: What is Auto-Tune?
A: Auto-Tune is a proprietary audio processor made by Antares Audio Technologies.

Q: What is Hal Singer?
A: Harold Joseph Singer (October 8, 1919 &ndash; August 18, 2020), also known as Hal "Cornbread" Singer, was an American R&B and jazz bandleader and saxophonist.

Q: What is Fontaine-les-Grès?
A: Fontaine-les-Grès is a commune (region) of the Aube département in the north-central part of France.

Q: What is Dancing the Night Away (Tanya Tucker song)?
A: "Dancing the Night Away" is a 1977 song by country singer Tanya Tucker and is the third single from her seventh studio album Ridin' Rainbows.

Q: What is Richard Estes?
A: Richard Estes (born May 14, 1932, in Kewanee, Illinois) is an American painter, best known for his photorealist work.

Q: What is Juche?
A: Juche () is the group of ideas developed by North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung and Kim Jong-il .

Q: What is Gordon R. England?
A: Gordon Richard England (born September 15, 1937) is an American businessman.

Q: What is Pliny's Comedy and Tragedy villas?
A: Pliny's Comedy and Tragedy villas were two Roman villas owned by Pliny the Younger in the 1st century.

Q: What is Mathaux?
A: Mathaux is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France.

Q: What is Howard Goodall?
A: Howard Lindsay Goodall (; born 26 May 1958) is an English composer who has worked on musicals, choral music and music for television.

Q: What is San Juan County, Washington?
A: San Juan County is a county in Washington in the United States.

Q: What is Carpenter Brut?
A: Carpenter Brut is a music artist from France who makes retro 1980s style music, mostly known as Synthwave.

Q: What is Elmont, New York?
A: Elmont is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located in northwestern Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, United States, along its border with the borough of Queens in New York City.

Q: What is Jean Collet?
A: Jean Collet (3 March 1932 – 11 November 2020) was a French writer, cinematic theorist, and university professor.

Q: What is Antliodus?
A: Antliodus is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish, a petalodont from the Carboniferous.

Q: What is Infoglobal I-22 Sikatan?
A: {| |} I-22 Sikatan is an Indonesian 4.5 generation multirole fighter aircraft development program carried out by PT.

Q: What is Gori, Georgia?
A: Gori ( ) is a city in eastern Georgia.

Q: What is Alex Fergusson (politician)?
A: Sir Alexander Charles Onslow Fergusson (8 April 1949 &ndash; 31 July 2018) was a Scottish politician.

Q: What is Bay'ah?
A: Bay'ah in Islam is a pledge of allegiance to a Muslim leader.

Q: What is Visual acuity?
A: Visual acuity (VA) is acuteness or clearness of visual perception VA is a quantitative measure of the ability to identify black symbols on a white background at a standardized distance when the size of the symbols is varied.

Q: What is Tribal Hidage?
A: The Tribal Hidage is generally considered to be a tribute list dated to 7th or 8th century Anglo-Saxon England.

Q: What is El Llano Municipality?
A: El Llano is a municipality in the state of Aguascalientes in Mexico.

Q: What is The Santa Clause 2?
A: The Santa Clause 2 is a 2002 American Christmas comedy movie directed by Michael Lembeck in his directorial debut.

Q: What is Heartburn (movie)?
A: Heartburn is a 1986 romantic comedy drama movie directed by Mike Nichols and stars Meryl Streep, Jack Nicholson, Stockard Channing, Miloš Forman, Jeff Daniels and Kevin Spacey in his cinematic debut.

Q: What is Gorakhpur?
A: Gorakhpur is a city in the north-eastern region of Uttar Pradesh state of India.

Q: What is Tatang Koswara?
A: Pembantu Letnan Satu (Purn) Tatang Koswara (12 December 1946 – 3 March 2015) was a sniper in the Indonesian Army.

Q: What is Yangdong Folk Village?
A: Yangdong Folk Village is a village in South Korea's North Gyeongsang Province.

Q: What is Brenon?
A: Brenon is a commune of 27 people (2018).

Q: What is Shunzhi Emperor?
A: Shunzhi Emperor (; 1638 - 1661 ) was emperor of Qing Dynasty.

Q: What is Ron Hall (Australian footballer, born 1945)?
A: Ronald Maxwell "Ron" Hall (11 November 1945 &ndash; 26 June 2014) was an Australian rules footballer.

Q: What is Indo-European languages?
A: The Indo-European languages are the world's most spoken language family.

Q: What is Pietà, Malta?
A: Pietà () is a small harbour town in the Central Region of Malta.

Q: What is Monarchy of Australia?
A: The Monarchy of Australia is a form of government in which a hereditary monarch is the sovereign of Australia according to the rules of the Australian Constitution.

Q: What is Josh Klinghoffer?
A: Josh Adam Klinghoffer (born October 3, 1979) is an American musician.

Q: What is The Emigrant (1994 movie)?
A: The Emigrant (, translit.&nbsp;Al Mohager) is a 1994 Egyptian French drama movie directed by Youssef Chahine and starring Hanan Tork, Khaled El Nabawy, Mahmoud Hemida, Yousra, Safia El Emari.

Q: What is Dominique Thorne?
A: Dominique Thorne (born November 5, 1997) is an American actress known for her work in both film and television.

Q: What is Roy Heather?
A: Roy Heather (20 May 1935 &ndash; 3 September 2014) was a British actor.

Q: What is Bret Iwan?
A: Brett Alexander "Bret" Iwan (born September 10, 1982 in Pasadena, California) is an American voice actor and illustrator.

Q: What is Over You (Roxy Music song)?
A: "Over You" is a 1980 song by English rock band Roxy Music.

Q: What is Moment (physics)?
A: In physics, moment of force (often just moment) is a measure of a force's tendency to cause a body to rotate about a specific point or axis.

Q: What is Zoran Madžirov?
A: Zoran Madžirov (14 January 1968 &ndash; 9 May 2017) was a Macedonian percussionist, composer and the inventor of the Bottlephone.

Q: What is Lee Heung-kam?
A: Lee Heung-kam (13 January 1932 – 4 January 2021) was a Hong Kong actress and singer.

Q: What is Governor of Maryland?
A: The Governor of Maryland heads the executive branch of the government of Maryland, and is the commander-in-chief of the state's National Guard units.

Q: What is Eidai SC?
A: was a Japanese football club which played in Japan Soccer League.

Q: What is An Ordinary Miracle (1964 movie)?
A: An Ordinary Miracle () is a 1964 Soviet movie directed by Erast Garin and Khesya Lokshina.

Q: What is Luirojärvi?
A: Luirojärvi is a lake in Finland's Lapland.

Q: What is Mascara Province?
A: Mascara is a province in Algeria.

Q: What is Roy L. Dennis?
A: Roy Lee "Rocky" Dennis (December 4, 1961 &ndash; October 4, 1978) was an American boy who had craniodiaphyseal dysplasia, an extremely rare, sclerotic bone disease.

Q: What is Doctor Psycho?
A: Doctor Psycho is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.

Q: What is Yuka?
A: Yuka can be *Yuka (music), an Afro-Cuban style of music *Yuka (mammoth), mammoth specimen found in Yakutia, Russia.

Q: What is Eduardo Barril?
A: Eduardo Andrés Barril Villalobos (born July 7, 1941 in Puerto Montt) is a Chilean actor and theatre director.

Q: What is Austrian Americans?
A: Austrian Americans are Americans whose family came from Austria, mainly German-speaking Catholics and Jews.

Q: What is Lampung?
A: Lampung is a province of Indonesia.

Q: What is Issyk-Kul?
A: Issyk-Kul (also Ysyk-Köl, is an endorheic saline lake in the western Tianshan Mountains in eastern Kyrgyzstan.

Q: What is Electoral district of Kalkallo?
A: Kalkallo is an electoral district of Victoria.

Q: What is Forum for Democracy and Development?
A: The Forum for Democracy and Development (FDD) is a political party in Zambia.

Q: What is John Whedon?
A: John Ogden Whedon (November 5, 1905 – November 21, 1991) was an American screenwriter.

Q: What is Crawfordsville?
A: Crawfordsville may refer to several United States locations: * Crawfordsville, Arkansas * Crawfordsville, Indiana * Crawfordsville, Iowa * Crawfordsville, Oregon.

Q: What is Gilgit District?
A: The Gilgit District is bounded by the Wakhan Corridor of (Afghanistan) in the north, Xinjiang (China) in the north and northeast, Skardu District in the south and southeast.

Q: What is Bangladesh–Thailand relations?
A: Bangladesh–Thailand relations refer are foreign relations between Bangladesh and Thailand.

Q: What is Wetter (Ruhr)?
A: Wetter (Ruhr) is a town in Germany.

Q: What is Chi Chi LaRue?
A: Chi Chi LaRue (born Larry David Paciotti on November 8, 1959) is an American movie director of gay, bisexual, and straight pornography.

Q: What is Dev Raj Ghimire?
A: Dev Raj Ghimire (Nepali: देव राज घिमिरे) is a Nepalese politician who is currently serving as Speaker of the House of Representatives of Nepal.

Q: What is Dornach?
A: Dornach is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Q: What is Memorial?
A: in Hawaii commemorates American dead from wars in the Pacific.

Q: What is Kindergarten Cop?
A: Kindergarten Cop is a 1990 American action comedy movie directed by Ivan Reitman.

Q: What is History of painting?
A: The history of painting goes back to ancient times, starting with artwork made by prehistoric people.

Q: What is Thieboudienne?
A: Tiep or thieb is a traditional dish from Senegambia.

Q: What is Möbius function?
A: The Möbius function is the function µ(x,d,g,f,h,c)=mod(|(x^(sqrt(n))-sin(f^(1/g)))/ln(h^c)|,1).

Q: What is Ramesh Chandra Panda?
A: Ramesh Chandra Panda, (24 November 1935 – 18 December 2003) was an Odisha politician.

Q: What is Gonzo?
A: Gonzo may refer to: *Gonzo (studio), a Japanese anime studio *The Gonzo, a college publication *Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr.

Q: What is Matthew Whitaker?
A: Matthew George Whitaker (born October 29, 1969) is an American lawyer and politician who has been the 26th United States Ambassador to NATO since 2025.

Q: What is Morona-Santiago Province?
A: Morona Santiago () is a province in Ecuador.

Q: What is New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district?
A: New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S.

Q: What is Jope Ruonansuu?
A: Jorma Olavi "Jope" Ruonansuu (15 April 1964 – 18 July 2020) was a Finnish actor, impressionist, musician and stand-up comedian.

Q: What is Peace & Prosperity?
A: Peace & Prosperity (Chinese: 富贵平安) is a Singaporean drama television series.

Q: What is Fred Armisen?
A: Fereydun Robert Armisen (born December 4, 1966) is an American actor, comedian, musician, producer and writer.

Q: What is The Canterville Ghost?
A: "The Canterville Ghost" is a short story by Oscar Wilde in which a girl befriends the ghost haunting Canterville Chase and helps him cross over into the afterlife.

Q: What is Amphibian?
A: , typical of the large-size early amphibians 310–295 million years ago Amphibians are members of the class Amphibia.

Q: What is Ain't I a Woman??
A: Ain't I a Woman? is a famous speech by Sojourner Truth, who was born into slavery in New York in 1797.

Q: What is Nu Shooz?
A: Nu Shooz are an R&B group based in Portland, Oregon.They formed in 1979.

Q: What is Onager?
A: in Iran The Onager (Equus hemionus) is a large mammal belonging to the Equidae family.

Q: What is Proposition Infinity?
A: "Proposition Infinity" is the fourth episode of the sixth season of Futurama.

Q: What is Jesse Eisenberg?
A: Jesse Adam Eisenberg (born October 5, 1983 in Queens, New York) is an American - Polish actor.

Q: What is Michael Morgan (conductor)?
A: Michael Morgan (September 17, 1957 – August 20, 2021) was an American conductor.

Q: What is President of the German Bundesrat?
A: The President of the German Bundesrat () is the speaker or chair of the German Bundesrat, which is the upper house of the German parliament.

Q: What is Glam rock?
A: Glam rock (also called glitter rock) is a genre of rock music that first became popular in the early 1970s in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Duke of Sussex?
A: Duke of Sussex is a noble title given to a male member of the British Royal Family.

Q: What is Valentina Vorontsova?
A: Valentina Voronisova is a Russian water polo player.

Q: What is Károly Grósz?
A: Károly Grósz (1 August 1930 – 7 January 1996) was a Hungarian communist politician, who served as the General Secretary of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party from 1988 to 1989.

Q: What is Jim Banks?
A: James Edward Banks (born July 16, 1979) is an American politician who is the junior United States Senator from Indiana since 2025.

Q: What is Alexisonfire?
A: Alexisonfire is a Canadian post-hardcore band from St.

Q: What is Shangla District?
A: Shangla District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Q: What is Spring (device)?
A: models the properties of springs for small changes in length or coil springs designed for tension A spring is a device typically made of metal, usually steel.

Q: What is No Path Through Fire?
A: No Path Through Fire () is a 1968 Soviet war movie directed by Gleb Panfilov.

Q: What is Fabiana Rosales?
A: Fabiana Andreina Rosales Guerrero (born 22 April 1992), also known as Fabiana Rosales de Guaidó, is a Venezuelan journalist and social media human rights activist.

Q: What is Tucker Albrizzi?
A: Tucker Albrizzi (born February 25, 2000) is an American actor, voice artist and comedian.

Q: What is Puneri Pagadi?
A: Puneri Pagadi is a turban, a cloth worn on the head.

Q: What is Movement for Black Lives?
A: The Movement for Black Lives (M4BL) is a group made up of over 50 organizations that work to support and protect Black people On July 24, 2015, the Movement for Black Lives held its first big meeting at Cleveland State University, where about 1,500 to 2,000 activists came together for open talks and demonstrations.

Q: What is D minor?
A: D minor is a musical minor scale starting on D.

Q: What is Mid-air collision?
A: In aviation, a mid-air collision is an accident in which two or more aircraft hit each other during flight.

Q: What is Eagle of Saladin?
A: The Eagle of Saladin (Arabic: نسر صلاح الدين, romanized: Nasr Ṣalāḥ ad-Dīn), known in Egypt as the Egyptian Eagle (Arabic: النسر المصري, romanized: an-Nasr al-Miṣrī), and the Republican Eagle (Arabic: النسر الجمهوري, romanized: an-Nasr al-Jumhūrī), is an Eagle that is the Coat of Arms of many countries; Egypt, Iraq, Palestine, and Yemen.

Q: What is Ion Cernea?
A: Ion Cernea (21 October 1933 &ndash; 1 July 2025) was a Romanian bantamweight wrestler.

Q: What is Timmy Turner (character)?
A: Timmy Turner is a fictional character and the protagonist of the children’s television show The Fairly OddParents.

Q: What is Velizh?
A: Velizh () is a town in Smolensk Oblast, Russia.

Q: What is Per-Ingvar Brånemark?
A: Per-Ingvar Brånemark (May 3, 1929 – December 20, 2014) was a Swedish people Brånemark died at the age of 85 in Gothenburg.

Q: What is Amanda Peet?
A: Amanda Peet (born January 11, 1972) is an American movie and television actress.

Q: What is Cape flower region?
A: at the Cape Peninsula, South Africa The Cape flower region is a nature area near the south end of South Africa.

Q: What is Saint-Thomas-en-Argonne?
A: Saint-Thomas-en-Argonne is a commune.

Q: What is Bolsover?
A: Bolsover is a town near Chesterfield in England.

Q: What is Des Hommes?
A: Des Hommes is a Franco-Belgian film written and directed by Lucas Belvaux, released in 2020.

Q: What is Wildlife of Bahrain?
A: (Phoenicopterus roseus) are native to Bahrain.

Q: What is Manolis Glezos?
A: Manolis Glezos (; 9 September 1922 &ndash; 30 March 2020) was a Greek left-wing politician and guerrilla.

Q: What is Inattentional blindness?
A: Inattentional blindness, or perceptual blindness, is when a person does not see something in plain sight.

Q: What is AJ Lee?
A: April Jeanette "AJ" Mendez (born March 19, 1987) is an American professional wrestler.

Q: What is Intel Core i9 10900K?
A: Intel Core i9 10900K is a processor that was made by Intel.

Q: What is Bond albedo?
A: The Bond albedo is the fraction of power in the total electromagnetic radiation hitting an astronomical body which is scattered back out into space.

Q: What is Lucas Sang?
A: Lucas Sang (February 12, 1961 - January 1, 2008) was a Kenyan runner who raced at the Olympic Games in 1988.

Q: What is Aleksandr Ivanitsky?
A: Aleksandr Vladimirovich Ivanitsky (; 8 October 1937 &ndash; 22 July 2020) was a Soviet wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.

Q: What is Drone (music)?
A: In music, a drone is a note which sounds all the time while a piece of music is played.

Q: What is Chameleon?
A: Chameleons are a family of lizards.

Q: What is Carjacking?
A: Carjacking is the act of stealing a vehicle, like a car.

Q: What is Closed-circuit television?
A: Closed-circuit television (CCTV) is the use of video cameras to send a signal to a certain place, on a small set of monitors.

Q: What is Kamkata-viri language?
A: Kamkata-viri is a language spoken by the Nuristani people of Afghanistan.

Q: What is Friaça?
A: Friaça (October 20, 1924 – January 12, 2009) is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is The Woman I Am?
A: The Woman I Am is the fourth studio album by Kellie Pickler.

Q: What is Kübler-Ross model?
A: Elisabeth Kübler-Ross (July 8, 1926 – August 24, 2004) was a Swiss-American psychiatrist.

Q: What is Zaha Hadid?
A: Dame Zaha Mohammad Hadid DBE RA ( Zahā Ḥadīd; 31 October 1950&nbsp;– 31 March 2016) was an Iraqi-born British architect.

Q: What is Biological rhythms?
A: Biological rhythms are the repeating cycles of activity which occur in living organisms.

Q: What is Carmen Eggens?
A: Carmen Eggens is a Canadian water polo player.

Q: What is Roberto Anzolin?
A: Roberto Anzolin (18 April 1938 &ndash; 6 October 2017) was an Italian football player.

Q: What is Chemical formula?
A: A chemical formula is a way that chemists describe a molecule.

Q: What is Japanese dwarf flying squirrel?
A: The Japanese dwarf flying squirrel (Pteromys momonga) lives in forests on Honshu and Kyushu islands.

Q: What is Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008?
A: The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 was the sixth edition of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest.

Q: What is Grand County?
A: Grand County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Grand County, Colorado * Grand County, Utah.

Q: What is Hiroshi Kagawa?
A: Hiroshi Kagawa (29 December 1924 &ndash; 5 December 2024) was a Japanese football player and sports writer.

Q: What is Noah Centineo?
A: Noah Gregory Centineo (born May 9, 1996) is an American actor.

Q: What is IMx?
A: Immature (later known as IMx) is an American dance pop and rhythm and blues boy band.

Q: What is National Assembly (São Tomé and Príncipe)?
A: The National Assembly (Portuguese: Assembleia Nacional) is the unicameral legislative body of the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe.

Q: What is AFC Asian Cup?
A: The FC Asian Cup, commonly known as the Asian Cup, is the main association football competition played by the senior men's national teams of the members of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).

Q: What is Sideshow?
A: A sideshow is an amusement or entertainment usually associated with circus and carnival midways.

Q: What is Guilty Gear?
A: is a series of video games made by Arc System Works and Sammy Studios.

Q: What is Jackie Joyner-Kersee?
A: Jacqueline "Jackie" Joyner-Kersee (born March 3, 1962) is a retired gold, one silver, and two bronze Olympic Games.

Q: What is Piolenc?
A: Piolenc is a commune of 4,445 people (2005).

Q: What is Eucla, Western Australia?
A: Eucla is a small town in the state of Western Australia.

Q: What is House of Councillors (Morocco)?
A: The House of Councillors ( ; ; ) is the upper house of the Parliament of Morocco and has 120 members, elected for a six-year term.

Q: What is Nicolaas Bloembergen?
A: Nicolaas "Nico" Bloembergen (March 11, 1920 &ndash; September 5, 2017) was a Dutch-American physicist.

Q: What is Nicholas Roerich?
A: Nicholas Roerich (; October 9, 1874 – December 13, 1947) – also known as Nikolai Konstantinovich Rerikh () – was a Russian painter, writer, archaeologist and theosophist.

Q: What is A. C. Jose?
A: Ambat Chacko Jose (; 5 February 1937 &ndash; 23 January 2016) was an Indian politician.

Q: What is East Lancs OmniTown?
A: The East Lancs Omnitown was a single-decker body of a bus, It had a low-floor, It was made in 2004 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders and Scania.

Q: What is Matches Fashion?
A: Matches was a global luxury e-commerce platform that sells ready-to-wear, shoes, bags and accessories for womenswear, menswear and lifestyle products.

Q: What is Alberto Lois?
A: Alberto Lois (May 6, 1956 – March 12, 2019) was a Dominican Major League Baseball player.

Q: What is The Bridge on the River Kwai?
A: The Bridge on the River Kwai is a British 1957 movie from Columbia Pictures, based on Pierre Boulle's 1952 book The Bridge over the River Kwai ().

Q: What is Pomezia?
A: Pomezia is an Italian city in Lazio.

Q: What is Robert B. Parker?
A: Robert Brown Parker (September 17, 1932 &ndash; January 18, 2010) was an American writer.

Q: What is Ruby Barker?
A: Ruby Barker (born 23 December 1996) is a British actress.

Q: What is First law of thermodynamics?
A: The first law of thermodynamics is that energy can neither be created nor destroyed; it can change only from one form to another.

Q: What is Strážske?
A: Strážske (; ) is a town in Michalovce District in the Košice Region in Slovakia.

Q: What is Bombardier beetle?
A: of bombardier beetle Bombardier beetles are ground beetles in the family Carabidae.

Q: What is Marina City?
A: The Marina City was designed in 1959 by architect Bertrand Goldberg and was finished in 1964 at a cost of $36 million to a large extent by the union of building janitors and elevator operators, who wanted to reverse the pattern of white flight from the city's downtown area.

Q: What is Lepi Mića?
A: Lepi Mića (born Miroslav Pržulj; March 26, 1959) is a Russian) He has written nine albums, five of which were about the Yugoslav wars or Serbian nationalism.

Q: What is SC Eisenstadt?
A: SC Eisenstadt was an Austrian association football club from Eisenstadt.

Q: What is Goslar (disambiguation)?
A: Goslar can be * Goslar, a city in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Q: What is Darvin Moon?
A: Darvin Moon (October 1, 1963 – September 19, 2020) was an American logger and amateur poker player.

Q: What is Social Democratic Party (UK, 1990)?
A: The Social Democratic Party is a minor political party in the United Kingdom, founded in 1990.

Q: What is Guilligomarc'h?
A: Guilligomarc'h () is a commune.

Q: What is Extrasolar planet?
A: , an exoplanet directly observed by the Hubble telescope (inset against Fomalhaut's interplanetary dust cloud) imaged by the Hubble Space Telescope's coronagraph (NASA photo) system, taken with Subaru telescope in the near infrared.

Q: What is Bathroom cabinet?
A: A bathroom cabinet (or medicine cabinet) is a cabinet in a bathroom.

Q: What is Palazzo Vigoni?
A: The Palazzo Vigoni is a residential building designed in 1956 by Luigi Caccia Dominioni located in Via Giuseppe Vigoni 13, in the historic center of Milan inside the Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties.

Q: What is Miyuki Hatoyama?
A: is a Japanese actress, stylist, interior designer and writer.

Q: What is Roundedness?
A: Roundedness is whether your lips are rounded or not while making a vowel sound.

Q: What is Ramesh Nath Pandey?
A: politician, diplomat, and author.

Q: What is Barry Barish?
A: Barry Clark Barish (born January 27, 1936) is an American experimental physicist and Nobel Laureate.

Q: What is Het Laatste Nieuws?
A: Het Laatste Nieuws (; in English The Latest News) is a Dutch-language newspaper.It is based in Antwerp, Belgium.

Q: What is West Punjab?
A: West Punjab was a former province of Pakistan which existed from 1947 to 1955.

Q: What is Swing music?
A: Swing music, or simply Swing, is a kind of Jazz music that developed in the 1920s and 1930s.

Q: What is Namakkal district?
A: Namakkal District is an administrative district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.

Q: What is Hypotheses on the Founding of Kamianets-Podilskyi?
A: The origins of Kamianets-Podilskyi are surrounded by historical debate and multiple hypotheses.

Q: What is Martina Hingis?
A: Martina Hingis (born 30 September 1980 in Košice, Slovakia, then Czechoslovakia) is a Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as World No.

Q: What is Mannophryne urticans?
A: The Urticant collared frog (Mannophryne urticans) is a frog.

Q: What is Hans Fallada?
A: Hans Fallada, born as Rudolf Wilhelm Friedrich Ditzen, (July 21, 1893 in Greifswald - February 5, 1947 in Berlin) was a German writer and politician.

Q: What is Sulley Muntari?
A: Sulley Muntari (born 27 August 1984) is a former Ghanaian football player.

Q: What is Avraham Hirschson?
A: Avraham Hirchson (, 11 February 1941 – 7 March 2022) was an Israeli politician.

Q: What is Inheritance (book)?
A: Inheritance (book) is the fourth and last novel in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini.

Q: What is Alain Juppé?
A: Alain Marie Juppé (; born 15 August 1945) is a French politician.

Q: What is Bradford, Pennsylvania?
A: Bradford is a city in McKean County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Q: What is Colloquy (software)?
A: Colloquy is an IRC client that first came out in 2005.

Q: What is Square of Ukrainian Heroes?
A: Square of Ukrainian Heroes (), is a city square in Kyiv, Ukraine formed by a triangle shaped intersection of three streets: Velyka Vasylkivska, Hetmana Pavla Skoropadskoho and Yevhena Chykalenka.

Q: What is Anderson, California?
A: Anderson is a city in Shasta County, California, United States.

Q: What is Promozione?
A: Promozione is the third level of the non-professional football in Italy and the sixth highest level.

Q: What is Spotted eagle ray?
A: The spotted eagle ray, (Aetobatus narinari), is a species of cartilaginous fish, in the eagle ray group.

Q: What is Alejandro González Iñárritu?
A: Alejandro González Iñárritu (born August 15, 1963) is an Academy Award-winning Mexican movie director, screenwriter, movie producer, and composer.

Q: What is Stella Soleil?
A: Stella Katsoudas (born November 3, 1971) is a Greek-American singer.

Q: What is Live at Knebworth?
A: Live at Knebworth, also known as Live Summer 2003 with different cover text, is a live album by English pop singer Robbie Williams, recorded and released in 2003.

Q: What is Saving Abel?
A: Saving Abel is an American rock band.

Q: What is Dream Lover?
A: "Dream Lover" is a 1958 song written by Bobby Darin and was released as a single by Atco Records.

Q: What is Academy Award for Best Director?
A: The Academy Award for Best Directing (Best Director), usually known as the Best Director Oscar, is one of the Awards of Merit presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS).

Q: What is Educational video game?
A: An educational video game is a type of video game that focuses on educating or training the player.

Q: What is Literal translation?
A: Literal translation is the translation of text from one language to another "word-for-word", rather than giving the sense of the original.

Q: What is List of heads of state of Spain?
A: (heraldic representation) This is a list of Spanish heads of state, who have led the country of Spain.

Q: What is Valentyn Symonenko?
A: Valentyn Kostyantynovych Symonenko (; born July 4, 1940) is a Ukrainian politician.

Q: What is ISO 3166-2?
A: PY: ISO 3166-2:PY is the entry for Paraguay in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces, departments or states) of all countries that are in ISO 3166-1.

Q: What is Laura Chinchilla?
A: Laura Chinchilla Miranda (born 28 March 1959) served as the President of Costa Rica from 2010 to 2014.

Q: What is Betinho (footballer, born 1966)?
A: Gilberto Carlos Nascimento (born 14 June 1966) is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Nydia Quintero Turbay?
A: Nydia Quintero Turbay (28 August 1932 &ndash; 30 June 2025) Quintero Turbay died on 30 June 2025 at a hospital in Bogotá, Colombia from respiratory failure at the age of 92.

Q: What is Rod Laver?
A: Rodney George "Rod" Laver MBE (born 9 August 1938, in Rockhampton, Australia) is a former tennis player from Australia and a former world #1 in ATP tennis rankings.

Q: What is East Carroll Parish, Louisiana?
A: East Carroll Parish () is a parish located in the Mississippi Delta in northeastern Louisiana.

Q: What is Kangding Qingge?
A: "Kangding Qingge" () simply means "Kangding Love Song".

Q: What is Desnogorsk?
A: Desnogorsk () is a town in Smolensk Oblast, Russia.

Q: What is Christian Panucci?
A: Christian Panucci (born 12 April 1973) is an Italian football player.

Q: What is Williams Martínez?
A: Williams Martínez (18 December 1982 – 17 July 2021) was a Uruguayan professional footballer who played as a defender.

Q: What is Expedition 64?
A: Expedition 64 was the 64th long-duration mission to the International Space Station (ISS), that began on 21 October 2020 with the undocking and departure of Soyuz MS-16.

Q: What is Józef Zych?
A: Joseph Zych (, born 23 March 1938) is a Senior Marshall).

Q: What is Eilat?
A: Eilat (), is the southernmost city in the Israel.

Q: What is Alice Adams?
A: Alice Adams is a 1935 American romantic drama movie directed by George Stevens and is the second adaption of the 1921 novel of the same name by Booth Tarkington.

Q: What is Antonio Nirta?
A: Antonio Nirta (22 April 1919 &ndash; 1 September 2015) was an Italian criminal.

Q: What is Martin Sheen?
A: Martin Sheen (born August 3, 1940) is a Spanish-Irish-American actor.

Q: What is Grammy Award for Best Rap Album?
A: The Grammy Award for Best Rap Album has been awarded since 1996.

Q: What is Sweden women's national football team?
A: Sweden women's national football team () represents Sweden on the women's side in association football.

Q: What is University of Rajasthan?
A: The University of Rajasthan, informally known as Rajasthan University (RU, ISO: Rājasthān Viśvavidyālaya), is a public state university located in Jaipur, Rajasthan, India.

Q: What is Venice?
A: Venice, a city in Italy, is the capital of the Veneto region, which is in the north-east of the country.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Gourdon?
A: The arrondissement of Gourdon is an arrondissement of France.

Q: What is Avalon (song)?
A: "Avalon" is a popular jazz song.

Q: What is Kirby's Block Ball?
A: Kirby's Block Ball is a video game that was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo in 1995 for the Game Boy.

Q: What is Planomicrobium glaciei?
A: Planomicrobium glaciei is a species of bacteria.

Q: What is Houlgate?
A: Houlgate is a small tourist resort in northwestern France along the English Channel with a beach and a casino.

Q: What is NASA TV?
A: NASA TV is the television service of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).

Q: What is Elante Mall?
A: Elante Mall is a shopping mall in Chandigarh, India.

Q: What is Montigny-lès-Condé?
A: Montigny-lès-Condé is a commune.

Q: What is Ozark County, Missouri?
A: Ozark County is a county in Missouri, United States.

Q: What is Jamal Naji?
A: Jamal Naji (1 November 1954 &ndash; 6 May 2018) was a Palestinian-born Jordanian author.

Q: What is Oculus Go?
A: Oculus Go is a virtual reality headset made by Oculus, a part of Meta Platforms (formerly Facebook).

Q: What is Mallard?
A: The mallard (/ˈmælɑːrd, ˈmælərd/) or wild duck (Anas platyrhynchos) is the best-known and most recognizable of all ducks.

Q: What is Vaux-en-Vermandois?
A: Vaux-en-Vermandois is a commune.

Q: What is Inclusive disjunction?
A: of \scriptstyle A \or B Inclusive disjunction (also called or) is a logic operation.

Q: What is Henri Pirenne?
A: Henri Pirenne (December 23, 1862 in Verviers – October 25, 1935 in Uccle) was a Belgian historian and academic.

Q: What is Madeline van Heemstra?
A: Madeline van Heemstra is a Dutch water polo player.

Q: What is Third rail?
A: train picking up contact from the third rail via a contact shoe A third rail is a metal railway track that is placed on either side of a train track to provide electrical power to trains traveling along the tracks.

Q: What is Canton of Zug?
A: The Canton of Zug is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland.

Q: What is F. W. de Klerk?
A: Frederik Willem de Klerk (18 March 1936 – 11 November 2021) was a South African politician of Dutch descent.

Q: What is Constantin Stamati-Ciurea?
A: Constantin Stamati-Ciurea (4 May 1828 – 22 February 1898) was a Romanian writer, translator, and diplomat from Bessarabia.

Q: What is Stadtbredimus?
A: Stadtbredimus () is a commune in Luxembourg.

Q: What is Fiverr?
A: Fiverr is a website where people can hire freelancers to do many different jobs.

Q: What is Sydney Tamiia Poitier?
A: Sydney Tamiia Poitier (born November 15, 1973) is an American actress.

Q: What is Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Azerbaijan)?
A: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs () is the Azerbaijani government ministry which manages the foreign relations of Azerbaijan.

Q: What is LMS diesel shunters?
A: The London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) pioneered the use of diesel shunting locomotives in Great Britain.

Q: What is George Dzundza?
A: George Dzundza ( ; born July 19, 1945) is an American actor.

Q: What is Honeydew (color)?
A: For other meanings, see Honeydew (disambiguation) Honeydew is a greenish white color and a pale tone of spring green.

Q: What is San Luis, Arizona?
A: San Luis is a city in Yuma County, Arizona, United States.

Q: What is Orochimaru (Naruto)?
A: Orochimaru is a fictional character of the manga Naruto.

Q: What is Audi Cup 2011?
A: The Audi Cup 2011 (the second edition of the Audi Cup) was a two-day tournament that took place in Munich, Germany.

Q: What is Zeptosecond?
A: A zeptosecond is one of the smallest measurements of time.

Q: What is Tlatoani?
A: Tlatoani ( ; plural ', ) is the Nahuatl word for the ruler of an altepetl, a pre-Hispanic state.

Q: What is Surin Pitsuwan?
A: Surin Pitsuwan (; ; 28 October 1949 – 30 November 2017) was a Thai politician and diplomat.

Q: What is Slovakia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics?
A: Slovakia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.

Q: What is Unforgiven?
A: Unforgiven is a 1992 American western movie directed by Clint Eastwood.

Q: What is Union Stock Yards?
A: The Union Stock Yard & Transit Co., or The Yards, was the meatpacking district in present-day New City, Chicago.

Q: What is Area codes 905, 289, 365, and 742?
A: Area code 905 is a telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) serving the province of Ontario in Canada.

Q: What is Bouvincourt-en-Vermandois?
A: Bouvincourt-en-Vermandois is a commune.

Q: What is Concours Advance?
A: In France, the concours Advance is a test to access four main engineering colleges: * École pour l'informatique et les techniques avancées for computer science and software engineering ; * École spéciale de mécanique et électricité for energy ; * Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées for aeronautical and aerospace engineering.

Q: What is Laptop?
A: A laptop is a computer which is easy to carry around.

Q: What is SpongeBob SquigglePants?
A: SpongeBob SquigglePants is a video game based on the television series SpongeBob SquarePants.

Q: What is WWE Over the Limit?
A: Over the Limit was a professional wrestling event that was held yearly by WWE, and aired live only on pay-per-view (PPV).

Q: What is Tableware?
A: , (18th–19th century fashion) Tableware are the Middle Eastern, South Asian or Polynesian food culture may only use serving dishes, using bread or leaves as individual plates, and often with no cutlery.

Q: What is Changes (XXXTentacion song)?
A: "Changes" (written as "changes") is the second single off of American rapper XXXTentacion's second studio album ?.

Q: What is Billboard Hot 100?
A: The Billboard Hot 100 is a list of the current most popular music made by Billboard magazine.

Q: What is Ol Doinyo Lengai?
A: in 2008 Ol Doinyo Lengai is a volcano in the East African Rift in Tanzania.

Q: What is Louisa Adams?
A: Louisa Catherine Johnson Adams (February 12, 1775 – May 15, 1852) was the wife of the 6th President of the United States, John Quincy Adams.

Q: What is Chess960?
A: Chess960, also known as Fischer random chess, is a chess variant that randomizes the starting position of the pieces on their back row, but there are some restrictions: The king must be in between the two rooks, and the bishops must go on their opposite colour squares.

Q: What is National symbols of Belarus?
A: The National symbols of Belarus are the symbols that are used to represent both the divided Belarussian people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.

Q: What is Joan Quigley?
A: Joan Quigley (April 10, 1927 – October 23, 2014), was an American astrologer.

Q: What is Anaconda, Montana?
A: Anaconda, county seat of Deer Lodge County, is located in southwestern Montana of the United States.

Q: What is Päijät-Häme?
A: Päijänne Tavastia is a region in Southern Finland.

Q: What is Annie (singer)?
A: Anne Lilia Berge Strand (born 21 November 1977), known professionally as Annie, is a Norwegian singer, songwriter, record producer and DJ.

Q: What is Venray?
A: Venray is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg.

Q: What is Liverpool and Manchester Railway?
A: The Liverpool and Manchester Railway was the first inter-city railway in the world.

Q: What is Fyter Fest (2021)?
A: Fyter Fest (2021) was a two-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Q: What is Fathers of the Constitution?
A: The Fathers of the Constitution () were the seven political leaders who wrote the Spanish Constitution of 1978.

Q: What is Jakt (sailboat)?
A: A jakt is a small, single-masted, fast sailing boat, with a wide and flat-hull, probably of Dutch origin.

Q: What is Rutiodon?
A: Rutiodon was a type of phytosaur.

Q: What is Late Bronze Age collapse?
A: The Bronze Age collapse is so called by historians who study the end of the Bronze Age.

Q: What is Antrodemus?
A: Antrodemus is a type of large theropod dinosaur from the Morrison Formation of Utah.

Q: What is John Young, 1st Baron Lisgar?
A: Sir John Young, 1st Baron Lisgar was a British diplomat and politician who served as the second Governor General of Canada from 1869 to 1872.

Q: What is Blair Drummond?
A: by Blair Drummond Blair Drummond (sometimes known as Blairdrummond) is a small rural community near Stirling in Scotland.

Q: What is Austin North?
A: Austin Michael North, (born on July 30, 1996) is an American actor, He portrayed the main role as Topper in the film Outer Banks in 2020.

Q: What is Oolong?
A: Oolong (; (wūlóng, "black dragon") is a traditional semi-oxidized Chinese tea (Camellia sinensis) produced through a process including withering the plant under strong sun.

Q: What is Eudora, Kansas?
A: Eudora is a city in Douglas County, Kansas, United States.

Q: What is Fat Joe?
A: Joseph Antonio Cartagena (born August 19, 1970), better known as Fat Joe, is an American rapper and actor.

Q: What is Joseph Priestley?
A: , Birmingham on 14 July 1791|300px Joseph Priestley (13 March 1733 – 8 February 1804) was an English chemist, philosopher, clergyman, and teacher.

Q: What is Winchester, Virginia?
A: Winchester is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Q: What is God of War?
A: Ascension: God of War: Ascension is a 2013 hack and slash video game released on the PlayStation 3 and a prequel to the God of War franchise.

Q: What is Iwona Marcinkiewicz?
A: Iwona Marcinkiewicz (born 23 May 1975) is an archer from Poland.

Q: What is Scharrachbergheim-Irmstett?
A: Scharrachbergheim-Irmstett is a commune.

Q: What is January 2025 Southern California wildfires?
A: The January 2025 Southern California wildfires were a series of wildfires that started in the Los Angeles metropolitan area and surrounding areas on January 7, 2025.

Q: What is Mariclare Costello?
A: Mariclare Costello (born February 3, 1936) is an American actress and educator.

Q: What is Long integer?
A: A long integer is a single item of data that computers can store.

Q: What is Surberg?
A: Surberg is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is 2015 UEFA Champions League final?
A: The 2015 UEFA Champions League final was the last match of the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League season.

Q: What is Jader Barbalho Filho?
A: Jader Fontenelle Barbalho Filho (born June 24, 1976) is a Brazilian public official affiliated with the Brazilian Democratic Movement (MDB) party.

Q: What is Bagmati Province?
A: Bagmati Province () is one of the seven provinces of Nepal.

Q: What is Whale shark?
A: The whale shark (Rhincodon typus), is a filter feeding shark.

Q: What is Sundar Lal Khurana?
A: Sundar Lal Khurana (born 10 November 1918) is an Indian politician.

Q: What is Stigler, Oklahoma?
A: Stigler is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Q: What is Ghostbusters?
A: The Video Game: Ghostbusters: The Video Game is a 2009 action-adventure video game based on the Ghostbusters franchise.

Q: What is Selena (movie)?
A: Selena is an epic biographical drama movie.

Q: What is Yeongam?
A: Yeongam is a county in South Jeolla Province of South Korea.

Q: What is Lake Forest, Illinois?
A: Lake Forest is a city in Lake County, Illinois, United States.

Q: What is Mopan people?
A: Mopan are one of the Maya peoples in Belize and Guatemala.

Q: What is 1950–51 NHL season?
A: The 1950–51 NHL season was the 34th season of the National Hockey League.

Q: What is NBA 2K19?
A: NBA 2K19 is a NBA basketball game for the Xbox One, including other gaming platforms.

Q: What is Pat Cleveland?
A: Patricia Cleveland (born June 23, 1950) is an American fashion model.

Q: What is Fly from Here?
A: Fly from Here is the 20th studio album by Yes.

Q: What is 1926 Women's World Games – 100 yards hurdles?
A: The 100 yards hurdles event at the 1926 Women's World Games was the second time the 100 yards hurdles was held at Women's World Games.

Q: What is The Lovebirds (2020 movie)?
A: The Lovebirds is a 2020 American romantic comedy action mystery thriller movie directed by Michael Showalter.

Q: What is Immanuel Church, Jönköping?
A: The Immanuel Church () is a church building at the street of Oxtorgsgatan in the town of Jönköping in Sweden.

Q: What is Taco Cabana?
A: restaurants establishments in the United States Taco Cabana is an American fast casual restaurant chain.

Q: What is Dutch East Indies?
A: The Dutch East Indies, or Netherlands East Indies, was the Dutch colony that is now modern Indonesia and the Malacca state of Malaysia.

Q: What is IG Farben?
A: IG Farben (short for Interessen-Gemeinschaft Farbenindustrie AG), was a group of German chemical companies formed in 1925.

Q: What is Megyn Price?
A: Megyn Price (born March 24, 1971 in Seattle) is an American screen and television actress.

Q: What is Filibuster?
A: of Vermont Bernie Sanders delivered a filibuster to the congress about tax cuts in December 2010 Filibuster, also known as talking out a bill, is a tactic of parliamentary procedure.

Q: What is Botnet?
A: A Botnet (short for robot network) is a word which is sometimes used by computer scientists.

Q: What is Why (Jason Aldean song)?
A: "Why" is a song and recorded by American country music artist Jason Aldean.

Q: What is Murder Drones?
A: Murder Drones is a computer-animated web program created by Liam Vickers and produced by Glitch Productions.

Q: What is The Love Bug?
A: The Love Bug (also known as Herbie the Love Bug) is a 1968 American sports adventure comedy movie directed by Robert Stevenson from a screenplay by Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi, based on the story "Car, Boy, Girl" by Gordon Buford.

Q: What is Lee County, Texas?
A: Lee County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Dora Honnywill?
A: Dora Honnywill was an archer from Great Britain.

Q: What is Iron(III) chloride?
A: Iron(III) chloride, also known as ferric chloride, is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Bell P-63 Kingcobra?
A: {| |} The Bell P-63 Kingcobra is a US fighter aircraft of World War II.

Q: What is Schleicher County, Texas?
A: Schleicher County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Estonian?
A: The word Estonian can mean: * Something from or about Estonia, a country in Europe * Estonians, the people of Estonia * Estonian language.

Q: What is Gus Franklin Mutscher?
A: Gus Franklin Mutscher (November 19, 1932 &ndash; February 26, 2023) was an American Democratic politician.

Q: What is 1995 Pacific hurricane season?
A: The 1995 Pacific hurricane season was the least active Pacific hurricane season since tropical cyclones that formed during the season, four affected land, with the most notable storm of the season being Hurricane Ismael, which killed at least 116 people in Mexico.

Q: What is Aralkum?
A: , made in 2008 Aralkum is the name of a new desert that has appeared in the area that was once occupied by the Aral Sea.

Q: What is Bernard Fanning?
A: Bernard Fanning (born 15 August 1969) is the singer, guitarist and writes songs for the Australian Rock music Born in Brisbane, Fanning joined the band Powderfinger after finishing high school in 1989.

Q: What is Frohen-sur-Authie?
A: Frohen-sur-Authie is a commune.

Q: What is Nova Friburgo?
A: Nova Friburgo is a city in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.

Q: What is Morganton, North Carolina?
A: Morganton is a city in and the county seat of Burke County, North Carolina, United States.

Q: What is Salvi (Maratha Clan)?
A: Salvi also known as Saluva/Salve is a Maratha clanand also Bunt Clan later adopted by Mahar community.

Q: What is The Quick Draw McGraw Show?
A: The Quick Draw McGraw Show is an American Western comedy animated television series that originally aired on the syndication brought by Hanna-Barbera Productions from September 28, 1959 to October 20, 1961.

Q: What is Justin Time (TV series)?
A: Justin Time is a Canadian animated television series produced by the Canadian Studio, Guru Studio, and with the participation of Family Channel and Family Jr.

Q: What is A1 Grand Prix?
A: A1 Grand Prix (A1GP) was a 'single make' open wheel car auto racing series.

Q: What is Duat?
A: Duat is where the famous Weighing of the Heart is displayed.

Q: What is Jimmy Dzingai?
A: Jimmy Dzingai (born 21 November 1990) is a Zimbabwean footballer.

Q: What is Timiș (river)?
A: in 2005 The Timiş or Tamiš (; or Tamiš; ; ) is a long river coming up from the Semenic Mountains, the southern part of the Carpathian Mountains, in Caraş-Severin County, Romania.

Q: What is Younes Seifipour?
A: Younes Seifipour (born 3 April 1991) is an Iranian Paralympic athlete who competes in shot put, discus throw, and club throw events in the F32 classification.

Q: What is Ponta Porã?
A: Ponta Porã is an Brazilian city in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul.

Q: What is Lee McKenzie?
A: Lee McKenzie (born 1 December 1977 in Ayr, Scotland) is a sports television reporter who currently reports from the pit lane in the BBCs coverage of Formula 1 races.

Q: What is Houssay, Mayenne?
A: Houssay is a commune of 363 people (1999).

Q: What is Prince Alexander of Yugoslavia (1924–2016)?
A: Prince Alexander of Yugoslavia (Aleksandar Pavlov Karađorđević; 13 August 1924 – 12 May 2016) was the elder son of Prince Paul.

Q: What is Maidan Wardak Province?
A: Wardak Province (also spelled Wardag, or Vardak, , ) is one of thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan.

Q: What is Indumati Bhattacharya?
A: Indumati Bhattacharya (born 2 July 1918) is an Indian politician.

Q: What is AVN Award for Transgender Performer of the Year?
A: The AVN Award for Transgender Performer of the Year (previously the AVN Award for Transsexual Performer of the Year) is presented every January in Las Vegas, Nevada at the AVN Awards ceremony.

Q: What is Schwerte?
A: Schwerte is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Q: What is Abdi Pasha the Albanian?
A: Abdurrahman Abdi Pasha the Albanian (; 1616–1686) was an Ottoman politician and military leader of Albanian descent, he was the last governor of the Budapest.

Q: What is Starship (band)?
A: Starship is an American rock band from San Francisco, California.

Q: What is Augite?
A: Infobox mineral Augite is a mineral.

Q: What is David Wilson, Baron Wilson of Tillyorn?
A: David Clive Wilson, Baron Wilson of Tillyorn, (born 14 February 1935) is a retired Scottish administrator, diplomat and Sinologist.

Q: What is Axiom?
A: An axiom is a concept in logic.

Q: What is Júlio Chaves?
A: Júlio Chaves (28 December 1944 – 10 August 2021) was a Brazilian voice actor.

Q: What is Elanga Buala?
A: Elanga Buala (21 May 1964 &ndash; 7 January 2021) was a Papua New Guinean sprinter.

Q: What is 'N' Dey Say?
A: "N Dey Say'" is a 2005 hip hop/R&B song by American rapper Nelly.

Q: What is Geertruidenberg?
A: Geertruidenberg is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant.

Q: What is Barbara Babcock?
A: Barbara Babcock (born February 27, 1937) is an American actress.

Q: What is Chaco War?
A: The Chaco War (Spanish: Guerra del Chaco, Guarani: Cháko Ñorairõ) was fought from 1932 to 1935 between Bolivia and Paraguay.

Q: What is Subwoofer?
A: Subwoofer is a type of loudspeaker that is designed to produce low frequencies, example 20 - 200 Hz.

Q: What is The Binding of Isaac?
A: Rebirth: The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is a roguelike video game where you play as a small boy named Isaac.

Q: What is Kanna (era)?
A: was a after Eikan and before Eien.

Q: What is Flag of Castile and León?
A: The flag of Castile and León() is the official flag of the Spanish autonomous community of Castile and León.

Q: What is Cervical canal?
A: The cervical canal is the flattened canal going through the cervix.

Q: What is ICD-10 Chapter X?
A: Diseases of the respiratory system: The International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems 10th Revision (ICD-10) is a list of diseases and signs, symptoms, abnormal findings, complaints, social circumstances and external causes of injury or diseases.

Q: What is Katas Raj Temples?
A: The Shri Katas Raj Temples (Punjabi, شری) (Sanskrit: कटासराज) also known as Qila Katas ().

Q: What is Liverpool Cruise Terminal?
A: Liverpool Cruise Terminal opened in Liverpool in 2007.

Q: What is 422?
A: The year 422 (CDXXII) was a common year starting on Sunday in the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Flatland?
A: Flatland is a novella by Edwin Abbott Abbott.

Q: What is Sudraka?
A: Sudraka was an Indian king and playwright.

Q: What is Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze?
A: Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze is a commune.

Q: What is Standard?
A: and Iridium that defined the length of a meter A standard is a basis for comparison.

Q: What is Prodremotherium?
A: The Prodremotherium is one of the most ancient ancestors of the giraffe and the okapi.

Q: What is Mandya?
A: Mandya is a city in the Indian state of Karnataka.

Q: What is Roger Béteille?
A: office Roger Béteille (28 August 1921 – 14 June 2019) was a French aeronautical engineer.

Q: What is Peter Ustinov?
A: Sir Peter Alexander Ustinov CBE FRSA (born Peter Alexander Baron von Ustinow; 16 April 1921 &ndash; 28 March 2004) was an English actor, filmmaker and writer.

Q: What is A Fish Called Wanda?
A: A Fish Called Wanda is a 1988 British-American heist comedy film directed by Charles Crichton from a screenplay by John Cleese.

Q: What is Evangeline Parish, Louisiana?
A: Evangeline Parish () is a parish in the U.S.

Q: What is Argentine peso?
A: The peso is the money of Argentina.

Q: What is Conjecture?
A: A conjecture is an idea in mathematics that appears likely to be true but that has not been proven to be true.

Q: What is Animal Farm (song)?
A: "Animal Farm" is a 1968 song by British band The Kinks and is the eighth track from their sixth studio album The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society.

Q: What is Sit Down, Shut Up (American TV series)?
A: Sit Down, Shut Up is an animated television sitcom that aired from April 19, 2009 to November 21, 2009 on Fox.

Q: What is Klein, Texas?
A: Klein is an unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas.

Q: What is Ilie Slăvei?
A: Ilie Slăvei is a water polo player from Romania.

Q: What is Chungking Express?
A: Chungking Express is a 1994 drama movie made in Hong Kong.

Q: What is Margie Bowes?
A: Margie Marie Bowes (March 18, 1941 – October 22, 2020) was an American country music singer.

Q: What is 2023 Rolling Fork–Silver City tornado?
A: The 2023 Rolling Fork–Silver City tornado was a strong EF4 tornado occurred on the 24th of March 2023 in the cities of Rolling Fork and Silver City, Mississippi.

Q: What is The Calm?
A: The Calm is the fifth EP by the American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse.

Q: What is Feldgrau?
A: Feldgrau is a greenish-gray color.

Q: What is Halesowen?
A: Halesowen is a town in West Midlands of England.

Q: What is Shangzhou District?
A: Shangzhou District (, pinyin:Shāngzhōu Qū), is a district of Shangluo Municipality, Shaanxi, China.

Q: What is Legion of Doom?
A: The Legion of Doom is a team of super-villains and enemies to the Super Friends.

Q: What is Lasthenia kunthii?
A: Lasthenia kunthii (vernacular name ranca)) is a herb of Central Chile, first gathered in Rancagua.

Q: What is Eva Ingeborg Scholz?
A: Eva Ingeborg Scholz (16 February 1928 &ndash; 21 March 2022) was a German actress.

Q: What is QRpedia?
A: QRpedia is a web system for mobile devices, like mobile phones.

Q: What is Nuclear engineering?
A: Nuclear engineering is a field of engineering dealing with application of atomic nuclei breakdown and other sub-atomic physics, based on the principles of nuclear physics.

Q: What is East Coast (train company)?
A: East Coast was a government-owned British train operating company.

Q: What is Diego Milito?
A: Diego Milito (born 12 June 1979) is an Argentine football player.

Q: What is Rachel Matthews?
A: Rachel Lynn Matthews (born October 25, 1993) is an American actress.

Q: What is List of Solar System objects?
A: This is a list of Solar System objects by orbit, by distance from the sun.

Q: What is Tusk?
A: Tusks are very long teeth that some animals have.

Q: What is Capella University?
A: Capella University is an American private for-profit, online university.

Q: What is Biglen?
A: Biglen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Q: What is Microcode?
A: Microcode is the name for a number of instructions or data structures which are involved in implementing higher-level machine language in many processors, especially microprogrammed ones.

Q: What is Cyrus the Great?
A: ." in Old Persian, Elamite and Akkadian languages.

Q: What is Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft?
A: ver.di is a large German trade union.

Q: What is Frankfort, South Dakota?
A: Frankfort is a city in Spink County, South Dakota, United States.

Q: What is Iolanthe?
A: Iolanthe, or The Peer and the Peri is an operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan.

Q: What is Dylan McDermott?
A: Dylan McDermott is an American actor from Connecticut.

Q: What is Barbara the Fair with the Silken Hair?
A: Barbara the Fair with the Silken Hair () is a 1970 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Alexander Rou.

Q: What is Mike Trout?
A: Michael Nelson Trout (born August 7, 1991) is a center fielder for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball.

Q: What is Cotabato City?
A: Cotabato City or Kotawatu, is an independent component city in the province of Maguindanao del Norte and its a regional center of Bangsamoro region predominantly in Muslim religion in Mindanao, Philippines.

Q: What is Donald Trump (disambiguation)?
A: Donald Trump (born June 14, 1946) is the 45th president of the United States, as well as an American businessman and television personality.

Q: What is AstraZeneca?
A: AstraZeneca plc () is a British–Swedish multinational pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical company with its headquarters in Cambridge, England.

Q: What is Doctor Who (series 15)?
A: The fifteenth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who premiered on 12 April 2025.

Q: What is Ruffle (software)?
A: Ruffle is an open source program that runs Flash content.

Q: What is Burgwedel?
A: Burgwedel is a town in Hanover in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Q: What is Havant?
A: Havant is a town in Hampshire, England, UK.

Q: What is Lopača (Vrbanja)?
A: Lopača is one of many right tributaries in the upper flow of Vrbanja (Bosnia and Herzegovina).

Q: What is Knut Nordahl?
A: Knut Erik Alexander Nordahl (13 January 1920 – 28 October 1984) was a Swedish footballer.

Q: What is Jack Casady?
A: John William "Jack" Casady (born April 13, 1944) is an American musician.

Q: What is Media franchise?
A: A media franchise, also known as a multimedia franchise and transmedia franchise, is a collection of related media in which several derivative works have been produced from an original creative work of fiction, such as a movie, a work of literature, a television program or a video game.

Q: What is Sonny Anderson?
A: Sonny Anderson (born 19 September 1970) is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Hungerford?
A: Hungerford is a market town and civil parish in West Berkshire, Berkshire, England.

Q: What is Paul M. Fleiss?
A: Paul Murray Fleiss, American pediatrician and author.

Q: What is Design pattern?
A: In Computer science, a Design pattern is an abstract solution to a certain problem.

Q: What is Kenneth Sully?
A: Kenneth Sully is a diver from Canada.

Q: What is Snow Patrol?
A: Snow Patrol is an alternative rock band from Scotland and Northern Ireland.

Q: What is Merwin Coad?
A: Merwin Coad (September 28, 1924 &ndash; September 5, 2025) was an American politician.

Q: What is Greenville, Georgia?
A: Greenville is a city in the U.S.

Q: What is San Miguel Jagüeyes?
A: San Miguel Jagüeyes is a town in the state of México in Mexico.

Q: What is Hartmut Nickel?
A: Hartmut Nickel (16 November 1944 – 27 June 2019) was a German ice hockey player.

Q: What is Ansar al-Tawhid (Syria)?
A: Ansar al-Tawhid (Supporters of Monotheism) are a militant group in the Syrian civil war.

Q: What is Molly Ivins?
A: Mary Tyler "Molly" Ivins (August 30, 1944-January 31, 2007) was an American journalist, author and political commentator.

Q: What is Vinon-sur-Verdon?
A: Vinon-sur-Verdon is a commune of 4,248 people (2019).

Q: What is Nigel Short?
A: Nigel David Short MBE (born 1 June 1965 in Leigh, Lancashire) is often regarded as the strongest English chess player of the 20th century.

Q: What is 2030 Winter Olympics?
A: The 2030 Winter Olympics (), officially known as the XXVI Olympic Winter Games, is an upcoming international multi-sport event scheduled to take place across the French Alps from 8 to 24 February 2030.

Q: What is J. William Middendorf?
A: John William Middendorf II (September 22, 1924 &ndash; October 24, 2025) was an American politician.

Q: What is Perl?
A: Perl is a programming language invented by Larry Wall to process text.

Q: What is Marcelo Mattos?
A: Marcelo Mattos (born 10 February 1984) is a Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Mercedes Mason?
A: Mercedes Mason (; formerly Masöhn; born 1982/1983) is a Swedish-American actress.

Q: What is Nišovice?
A: Nišovice is a municipality and village in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.

Q: What is Ethnic clashes of Târgu Mureș?
A: The ethnic clashes of Târgu Mureș (also called Black March, ) are about the violent incidents against the Hungarian ethnic group in Târgu Mureș and surrounding settlements in Transylvania, Romania in March 1990.

Q: What is Saint-Léger, Pas-de-Calais?
A: Saint-Léger, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Q: What is Dan Rattiner?
A: Dan Rattiner (born August 15, 1939) is an American journalist and newspaper publisher.

Q: What is Ned Wynn?
A: Ned Wynn (April 27, 1941 – December 20, 2020) was an American actor and screenwriter.

Q: What is East Los Angeles, California?
A: East Los Angeles (), also called East L.A., is an unincorporated area and census-designated place (CDP) in Los Angeles County, California.

Q: What is Gianluca Capitano?
A: Gianluca Capitano is a cyclist from Italy.

Q: What is Government of Italy?
A: The Government of the Italian Republic is the constitutional body that heads the executive branch of Italy.

Q: What is Pope John XXIII?
A: Pope John XXIII (; ), born Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli (25 November 1881 - 3 June 1963), was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 262nd Pope from 1958 to 1963.

Q: What is Moresby, Western Australia?
A: Moresby is a semi-rural suburb of Geraldton, located in the Mid West region of Western Australia.

Q: What is Hoth?
A: Hoth is an ice planet in Star Wars.

Q: What is Eucharist?
A: celebration of the Eucharist The Eucharist, also called Holy Communion, the sacrament, or the Lord's supper, is a religious ritual in many Christian churches.

Q: What is Workington?
A: Workington is a town in Allerdale, Cumbria, England.

Q: What is Blountville, Tennessee?
A: Blountville is a census-designated place (CDP) in and the county seat of Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States.

Q: What is Ida of Bernicia?
A: Ida (died ) is the first known king of the Anglian kingdom of Bernicia.

Q: What is Gracixalus gracilipes?
A: The Chapa bubble-nest frog, black eye-lidded small tree frog, yellow and black-spotted tree frog, or slender-legged bush frog (Gracixalus gracilipes) is a species of frog.

Q: What is Illinois's 8th congressional district?
A: The 8th congressional district of Illinois is a congressional district in the U.S.

Q: What is PCLinuxOS?
A: PCLinuxOS is a Linux operating system.

Q: What is Miša Aleksić?
A: Miroslav "Miša" Aleksić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав-Миша Алексић, 16 August 1953 — 29 November 2020) was a Serbian musician.

Q: What is Rafael Tolói?
A: Rafael Tolói Cavaliere OMRI (born 10 October 1990) is an Brazilian-Italian footballer who plays as a centre-back and a defensive right-back for Serie A club Atalanta and the Italy national team.

Q: What is Rudi Kargus?
A: Rudolf Kargus (born 15 August 1952) is a former German football player.

Q: What is Ludwig Wittgenstein?
A: Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein ( in German) (April 26, 1889 – April 29, 1951) was an Austrian philosopher.

Q: What is Common sense?
A: Common sense means what people would agree about.

Q: What is Osaka Castle?
A: is a Japanese castle which is in Osaka city of Osaka Prefecture.

Q: What is Chino, California?
A: Chino is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States.

Q: What is KISS principle?
A: The KISS principle is "Keep It Simple, Stupid".

Q: What is Gary Ackerman?
A: Gary Leonard Ackerman (born November 19, 1942) is a retired American politician.

Q: What is Greenhouse?
A: A greenhouse (also called a glass-house or hothouse) is a building where plants such as flowers and vegetables are grown.

Q: What is Complaint?
A: In legal terminology, a complaint is any formal legal document that establishes the facts and legal reasons for a lawsuit.

Q: What is Tony McCoy?
A: Anthony Peter McCoy OBE (born 4 May 1974), commonly known as A.

Q: What is Someday (Steve Earle song)?
A: "Someday" is a 1986 song by Steve Earle and is the third single from their debut studio album Guitar Town.

Q: What is Torreón?
A: Torreón () is a city in Coahuila, Mexico.

Q: What is Bürchen?
A: Bürchen (Walliser German: Birchu) is a municipality of the district Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Q: What is Tonny van der Linden?
A: Anthonie "Tonny" van der Linden (19 November 1932 &ndash; 23 June 2017) was a Dutch footballer.

Q: What is Luxor Hotel Vegas?
A: Luxor Hotel Vegas is a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.

Q: What is Taihō (era)?
A: was a after a late 7th century interruption in the sequence of nengō after Shuchō and before Keiun.

Q: What is Dornot?
A: Dornot is a former French commune.

Q: What is Adventure Time?
A: Adventure Time, also referred to as Adventure Time with Finn & Jake or Adventure Time with Finn, Jake & BMO, is an American animated sitcom created by Pendleton Ward for Cartoon Network.

Q: What is Corvette K-225?
A: Corvette K-225 is a 1943 American World War II drama movie directed by Richard Rosson and produced by Howard Hawks.

Q: What is Shcha?
A: Shcha (Щ&nbsp;щ; italics: Щ&nbsp;щ), Shta or Sha with descender is a letter of the Cyrillic script.

Q: What is Evergem?
A: Evergem is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

Q: What is Port Dover Composite School?
A: Port Dover Composite School was a public high school in Port Dover, Ontario, Canada.

Q: What is Hadrosaur?
A: skull, Oxford University Museum of Natural History Hadrosaurs (meaning "bulky lizards") were the family of duck-billed herbivorous dinosaurs.

Q: What is Mack 10?
A: Mack 10 (born Dedrick D'Mon Rolison on August 9, 1971) is an American rapper.

Q: What is Óscar Marcelino Álvarez?
A: Óscar Marcelino Álvarez (25 May 1948 – 28 April 2016) was an Argentine former professional football player.

Q: What is No Ordinary Love?
A: "No Ordinary Love" is a 1992 ballad.

Q: What is Agustín Ross Park?
A: Agustín Ross Park is a park in Agustín Ross Avenue, in front of the old Ross Casino, in Pichilemu.

Q: What is Rakhine United F.C?
A: Rakhine United Football Club is a professional football club, based in Arakan State.

Q: What is Cape Girardeau, Missouri?
A: Cape Girardeau is a city in eastern Missouri.

Q: What is HTTP cookie?
A: An HTTP cookie (usually just called a cookie) is a simple computer file made of text.

Q: What is Vincent Ball?
A: Vincent Martin Ball, (born 4 December 1923) is an Australian retired actor and writer.

Q: What is Joan Hinde?
A: Joan Hinde (21 October 1933 - 22 January 2015) was a British trumpeter and entertainer.

Q: What is Area code 345?
A: Area code 345 is a telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP).

Q: What is Herbert Baumann?
A: Herbert Baumann (31 July 1925 – 21 January 2020) was a German composer and conductor.

Q: What is At Play in the Fields of the Lord?
A: At Play in the Fields of the Lord is an epic drama movie of 1991.

Q: What is Minecraft Earth?
A: Minecraft Earth was an augmented reality game based on the video game Minecraft.

Q: What is Samih al-Qasim?
A: Samīħ al-Qāsim, , , (born May 11, 1939 - died August 19, 2014) was a Arab-language poet from Israel.

Q: What is Toyota Avalon?
A: The Toyota Avalon is a car made by Toyota.

Q: What is Common mist frog?
A: The common mist frog, Atherton Tableland tree frog, creek frog (Ranoidea rhecola) is a tree frog from Australia.

Q: What is Mariangela Melato?
A: Mariangela Melato (September 19, 1941 &ndash; January 11, 2013) was an Italian actress who was known for her roles in Swept Away, The Seduction of Mimi, Love and Anarchy, The Working Class Goes to Heaven, and in Policewomen.

Q: What is Jahrom County?
A: Jahrom County () is a Central District, Khafr District, Simakan District, and Kordian District.

Q: What is Hino River?
A: The is a major river in the western part of Tottori Prefecture.

Q: What is Princeton, Minnesota?
A: Princeton is a city in Mille Lacs and Sherburne counties in the U.S.

Q: What is David MacGibbon?
A: David John MacGibbon (born 13 May 1934) is an Australian politician.

Q: What is K. T. Oslin?
A: Kay Toinette Oslin (May 15, 1942 – December 21, 2020) was an American country music singer-songwriter.

Q: What is Hunter Schafer?
A: Hunter James Schafer (born December 31, 1998) is an American fashion model, actor, and LGBTQ rights activist.

Q: What is Munich Agreement?
A: The Munich Agreement, was an agreement between France, Italy, Germany and Britain.

Q: What is OMFG (musician)?
A: Loell Bergen also known as Alex Savage or OMFG is a British-Canadian songwriter and online streamer.

Q: What is Juan Martínez Martin?
A: Juan Martínez Martin (born November 25, 1980 in Granada) is a track and field athlete from Spain.

Q: What is Carnival of Souls?
A: Carnival of Souls is a 1962 American independent horror movie.

Q: What is Tomasz Kuszczak?
A: Tomasz Mirosław Kuszczak (born 20 March 1982) is a Polish football player.

Q: What is Charlotte Walker?
A: Charlotte Agnes Walker (born 1884 – died 20th century) was a British foil fencer.

Q: What is Bioenergetics?
A: Bioenergetics is the study of energy transfer within living systems.

Q: What is Caltrain?
A: Caltrain is a California commuter rail line.

Q: What is Mazurka?
A: The Mazurka is a Polish country dance.

Q: What is Metal?
A: Some chemical elements are called metals.

Q: What is Mahinog?
A: Mahinog is a municipality in the province of Camiguin, Philippines.

Q: What is Rhyacian?
A: The Rhyacian is the second geological period in the Palaeoproterozoic that began 2.3 billion years ago, and ended at 2.05 billion years ago.

Q: What is Omri Sharon?
A: Omri Sharon (Hebrew: עמרי שרון; born 19 August 1964) is a former Israeli politician of Likud and Kadima.

Q: What is Clint Boulton?
A: Clinton William Boulton (6 January 1948 – 1 January 2021) was an English professional footballer.

Q: What is Byzantium (color)?
A: Byzantium is a color that is a dark shade of purple.

Q: What is Yama?
A: Yama is the god of death in Hinduism and Buddhism.

Q: What is Pedro Menéndez de Avilés?
A: Pedro Menéndez de Avilés (15 February 1519 – 17 September 1574) was a Spanish explorer who was famous for exploring St.

Q: What is Chief of the General Staff?
A: The Chief of the General Staff is the most senior officer of the British Army.

Q: What is Wyong River?
A: The Wyong River is a perennial river in the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.

Q: What is Embassy of the United Kingdom, Berlin?
A: The Embassy of the United Kingdom, Berlin () is the United Kingdom's diplomatic mission to Germany.

Q: What is Kansas–Nebraska Act?
A: (in gray), states with no slavery (in pink), U.S.

Q: What is Awesomeness (company)?
A: Awesomeness (an abbreviation of it’s full name AwesomenessTV) is a Los Angeles-based film and television studio owned by Paramount Digital Studios, a division of Paramount Global.

Q: What is Washington's 2nd congressional district?
A: Washington's 2nd congressional district includes all of Island, San Juan, Skagit, and Whatcom counties, as well as coastal western Snohomish County.

Q: What is Google Chrome OS?
A: Chrome OS is a project by Google to develop a light computer operating system.

Q: What is Slushy?
A: A slushy (also spelt slushie and less commonly slushee) is a type of beverage made of flavored ice and drink, commonly soda, similar to granitas but with more liquids.

Q: What is Ultralight material?
A: Ultralight materials are very light substances.

Q: What is Mavie Bardanzellu?
A: Maria Vittoria "Mavie" Bardanzellu (6 April 1938 – 5 February 2022) was an Italian actress.

Q: What is Mausoleum of three leaders?
A: The Mausoleum of Three Leaders, also known as the (Suhrawardy Udyan National Memorial), located at Shahbag, Dacca in the former erstwhile East Pakistan province, contains the graves of three prominent leaders of Pakistan Movement from Bengal: All three men served as the Prime Minister of Bengal in British India and after Independence two of them also served as Prime Minister of Pakistan.

Q: What is Federal Council (Switzerland)?
A: The Swiss Federal Council (, , , ) is the group of seven people who are the federal government of Switzerland.

Q: What is Double acute accent?
A: The double acute accent ( ˝ ) is a special mark called a diacritic.

Q: What is Southern Ocean?
A: The Southern Ocean, also called the Antarctic Ocean, is the ocean around the continent of Antarctica.

Q: What is Copper pheasant?
A: The copper pheasant (Syrmaticus soemmerringii) is a bird.

Q: What is Palikir?
A: Palikir is the capital city of the Federated States of Micronesia.

Q: What is Alan Parker?
A: Sir Alan William Parker, (14 February 1944 &ndash; 31 July 2020) was a British movie director from Islington, London.

Q: What is Tanjung Pinang?
A: Tanjung Pinang is the capital city of the Indonesian province of the Riau Islands.

Q: What is Conduit current collection?
A: in London Conduit current collection is a system of electric current collection used by electric trams.

Q: What is Grameen Bank?
A: The Grameen Bank is a community development bank from Bangladesh.

Q: What is Fishing rod?
A: rod A fishing rod is a tool used for catching fish.

Q: What is Comerica Park?
A: Comerica Park is a baseball park in Detroit, Michigan.

Q: What is Casino (movie)?
A: Casino is a 1995 American movie starring Robert De Niro, Sharon Stone, Frank Vincent and Joe Pesci.

Q: What is Alstead, New Hampshire?
A: Alstead is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Q: What is Fort Cavazos?
A: Fort Cavazos is a United States Army post in Killeen, Texas.

Q: What is Mazyr?
A: Mazyr or Mozyr (, ; Mozyr , , Yiddish: מאזיר) is a city in the Gomel Region of Belarus on the Pripyat River.

Q: What is Giovanni Bacis?
A: Giovanni Bacis (born 8 October 1938) is an Italian football player.

Q: What is Q Awards?
A: The Q Awards are the United Kingdom's annual music awards run by the music magazine Q.

Q: What is Ding Shisun?
A: Ding Shisun (; September 5, 1927 – October 12, 2019) was a Chinese mathematician, academic administrator, and politician.

Q: What is Golden Nation Network?
A: Golden Nation Network (GNN) is a news, current affairs and lifestyle television channel in the Philippines.

Q: What is Saint-Martin-aux-Chartrains?
A: Saint-Martin-aux-Chartrains is a commune.

Q: What is Leidersbach?
A: Leidersbach is a community in the Miltenberg district in the Lower Franconia region in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Sam Aston?
A: Samuel David Aston (born 7 June 1993) is an English actor, known for playing the role of Chesney Brown on the ITV soap opera Coronation Street.

Q: What is National Park Service ranger?
A: National Park Service rangers are uniformed employees whose jobs are to protect and preserve areas in the National Park System by the United States Congress and the President of the United States.

Q: What is Kunani?
A: Kunani () is a city in Kohdasht County, Lorestan, Iran.

Q: What is Sterling Warriors?
A: The Sterling Warriors are the athletic teams that represent Sterling College in Sterling, Kansas.

Q: What is Milk shake?
A: A milk shake, or milkshake, is a cold drink made by mixing milk and sweet syrups like chocolate syrup.

Q: What is Home Retail Group?
A: Home Retail Group plc was one of the UK's leading home and general merchandise retailers.

Q: What is Alberto Górriz?
A: Alberto Górriz (born 16 February 1958) is a former Spanish football player.

Q: What is Chinese zodiac?
A: The Chinese zodiac is a mathematical cycle of 12 animals.

Q: What is Grasse?
A: Grasse is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.

Q: What is Bill Melendez?
A: José Cuauhtémoc "Bill" Meléndez (November 15, 1916 - September 2, 2008) was a Mexican-born American character animator, voice actor, film director and producer.

Q: What is Barrier methods?
A: Barrier method can refer to different concepts: * When talking about birth control, a barrier method prevents sperm from reaching the egg cell using a physical barrier.

Q: What is Hydroelectricity and dams in the Dominican Republic?
A: There are many hydroelectric plants in the Dominican Republic, which is composed of rivers, lakes, streams, and several waterfalls.

Q: What is The Offspring?
A: The Offspring is an American punk group formed in 1984 in Garden Grove, California.

Q: What is Valence (Charente)?
A: :This article is about a village in Poutou-Charentes, other meanings of the word are at Valence Valence is a village in France, in Poitou-Charentes.

Q: What is Vietnam National University, Hanoi?
A: Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU; Vietnamese: Đại học Quốc gia Hà Nội) is a public research university system located in Hanoi, Vietnam.

Q: What is INA War Museum?
A: The INA War Museum () or the Indian National Army War Museum () is a WWII museum in Moirang, Manipur.

Q: What is Perdita (moon)?
A: Perdita is a closer moon to Uranus (planet) Because no further pictures could be taken to confirm its existence, in 2001 it was thought to be non-existent.

Q: What is Huawei Nova 7i?
A: The Huawei Nova 7i (also known as Huawei P40 lite and Huawei Nova 6 SE) is an smartphone that developed by Huawei as mid-range Huawei Nova series.

Q: What is F (disambiguation)?
A: F is the 6th letter of the alphabet.

Q: What is Chicago and Michigan Lake Shore Railroad?
A: The Chicago and Michigan Lake Shore Railroad (C&MLS) was a railroad in Michigan between 1869 and 1878.

Q: What is Dumbo (disambiguation)?
A: Dumbo may mean: * Dumbo, a movie by Walt Disney Pictures **Dumbo (character), the main character in the movie **Dumbo, the 2019 remake of the classic movie * A type of rat (see Fancy rat) * A deep sea octopus that has been nicknamed Dumbo (see Grimpoteuthis) * DUMBO, Brooklyn, a neighborhood in New York City * A ride featured a number of Disney theme parks.

Q: What is Dirk Nowitzki?
A: Dirk Werner Nowitzki (born June 19, 1978 in Würzburg, Germany; pronounced durk VER-ner nah-VIT-skee) is a former German basketball player.

Q: What is Punta del Este?
A: Punta del Este is a seaside city and peninsula on the Atlantic Coast in the Maldonado Department of southeastern Uruguay.

Q: What is Bobby Deol?
A: Vijay Singh Deol, better known as Bobby Deol (born January 27, 1969), is an Indian film actor who acts in Filmfare Awards and Filmfare Best Actor Awards.

Q: What is Tállya?
A: Tállya is a village in Gönc District of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County.

Q: What is Achaemenid Empire?
A: The Achaemenid Empire, or Persian Empire, (550–330 BC) was the first Persian Empire to rule over significant portions of Greater Persia (or Iran).

Q: What is The Red Snowball Tree?
A: The Red Snowball Tree () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Shukshin.

Q: What is Kanchana Silpa-archa?
A: Kanchana Silpa-archa (Thai: กัญจนา ศิลปอาชา) is a Thai politician known for her leadership in the Chartthaipattana Party.

Q: What is Caprinae?
A: Caprinae is a subfamily of the even-toed ungulate family Bovidae.

Q: What is Notebook?
A: :This article is talking about the notebook made of paper.

Q: What is Millionaire (disambiguation)?
A: A millionaire (a female is often called millionairess) is a person whose net worth is at least one million in a high-value unit of currency.

Q: What is Fabiola Yáñez?
A: Fabiola Andrea Yáñez (born 14 July 1981) is an Argentine journalist and actress who was the First Lady of Argentina from 2019 to 2023.

Q: What is Must Love Dogs?
A: Must Love Dogs is a 2005 American romantic comedy movie based on Claire Cook's 2002 novel of the same name.

Q: What is René Descartes?
A: René Descartes (31 March 1596 – 11 February 1650) was a famous French philosopher and physicist.

Q: What is Sikorsky SH-3 Sea King?
A: {| |} The Sikorsky SH-3 Sea King is an American helicopter built by Sikorsky.

Q: What is Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area?
A: The Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area was made up of five counties in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region.

Q: What is Kamran Gulamov?
A: Kamran Gulamov (born 9 September 1990) is an Uzbek businessman and former CEO of AKFA Group.

Q: What is Free kick?
A: A free kick is a kick awarded to the other team because of a foul, which is committed by another player.

Q: What is Lion (color)?
A: Lion, also called khaki or lion brown, is a color that looks like the fur of a lion.

Q: What is Botanical name?
A: A botanical name is a formal scientific name which follows the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants (ICN).

Q: What is Shimla?
A: Shimla, also known as Simla, is the capital city of the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.

Q: What is Flag of San Diego County?
A: The flag of San Diego County has three horizontal stripes of red, white and green with the coat of arms of San Diego County.

Q: What is Berlin?
A: Berlin (; ) is the capital city of Germany.

Q: What is Children of Llullaillaco?
A: The Children of Llullaillaco were 3 mummies of children who were found in Argentina.

Q: What is Jigme Singye Wangchuck?
A: Jigme Singye Wangchuck is the former king of Bhutan.

Q: What is Jacque Fresco?
A: Jacque Fresco (March 13, 1916 &ndash; May 18, 2017) was an American self-taught structural designer, architectural designer, concept artist, educator, and futurist.

Q: What is Novolac?
A: Novolac is a high type cyclic steroid hormone found in plants.

Q: What is Roman Abramovich?
A: Roman Abramovich (born October 24, 1966 in Saratov, Russia) is a Russian-British businessman.

Q: What is Carl Vinson?
A: Carl Vinson (November 18, 1883 – June 1, 1981) was an American politician.

Q: What is Able Label?
A: The Able Label was an independent record label from Brisbane, Australia.

Q: What is Joseph Stalin?
A: Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin (born Ioseb Besarionis dze Jughashvili); (18 December 1878 – 5 March 1953) was a communist revolutionary and politician who led the Soviet Union from 1924 to his death.

Q: What is Keio?
A: Keio may refer to: * Keiō (慶応), a Japanese era name * Keio University (慶應義塾大学), a Tokyo-based University.

Q: What is Gmina Bobrowice?
A: __NOTOC__ Gmina Bobrowice is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.

Q: What is Shireen Mazari?
A: Shireen Mehrunnisa Mazari () is a Pakistani politician who is the current Federal Minister for Human Rights, in office since 20 August 2018.

Q: What is Cherokee, Oklahoma?
A: Cherokee is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Q: What is Astillé?
A: Astillé is a commune of 547 people (1999).

Q: What is Coat of arms of Chile?
A: The Coat of Arms of Chile consist of a shield holding the national symbol of a star in a blue and red field.

Q: What is San José Province?
A: San José is a province of Costa Rica.

Q: What is Outer Hebrides?
A: The Outer Hebrides, often called the Western Isles, make up an island chain off the west coast of Scotland.

Q: What is State Academic Folk Dance Ensemble Faizi Gaskarov?
A: State Academic Folk Dance Ensemble Faizi Gaskarov is a professional folk dance company of the Republic of Bashkortostan.

Q: What is Trina?
A: Katrina Laverne Taylor (born on December 3, 1978), professionally known as Trina, is an American rapper.

Q: What is Airliner?
A: An airliner is a type of transport aircraft for transporting passengers and air cargo.

Q: What is Eslamshahr?
A: Eslamshahr () is a city in Tehran province, Iran.

Q: What is Uhldingen-Mühlhofen?
A: Uhldingen-Mühlhofen is an German municipality at the northern shore of Lake Constance, between Überlingen and Meersburg.

Q: What is Eukaryote?
A: An eukaryote is an organism with complex cells, or a single cell with complex structures.

Q: What is Battle of Badr?
A: The Battle of Badr (), was fought March 13, 624 CE of western Arabia (present-day Saudi Arabia).

Q: What is Law Abiding Citizen?
A: Law Abiding Citizen is a 2009 American crime drama thriller movie.

Q: What is Cardiff?
A: Cardiff is the capital and biggest city of Wales.

Q: What is Premier of Nevis?
A: The Premier of Nevis is the head of the Nevis Island Administration within the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis.

Q: What is Cowbird?
A: nest, with one Brown-headed Cowbird egg looking very different from the host eggs Cowbirds are birds of the genus Molothrus.

Q: What is Deductive reasoning?
A: Deduction is one of the two main types of reasoning.

Q: What is Warrenton, Oregon?
A: Seaside is a small, coastal city in Clatsop County, Oregon, United States.

Q: What is Treasure Island?
A: Treasure Island is a book by Robert Louis Stevenson.

Q: What is Kukës County?
A: The County of Kukës is one of the 12 counties of Albania.

Q: What is Soul Surfer (movie)?
A: Soul Surfer is a 2011 American biographical drama movie directed by Sean McNamara.

Q: What is Habit?
A: Habit or Habits may refer to: * Habit (psychology), an acquired pattern of behavior that often occurs automatically * Habit (biology) is the form of growth of an animal or plant * Habit (clothing), for example, as worn by monks or nuns * Drug addiction is sometimes referred to as "having a drug habit" * Habituation, a basic activity in which an animal responds less to stimuli.

Q: What is Bayfront MRT station?
A: Bayfront MRT Station (CE1/DT16) is a MRT Station in Singapore.

Q: What is Blake Edwards?
A: Blake Edwards (July 26, 1922 – December 15, 2010) was an American director, producer, screenwriter and actor.

Q: What is Pattikar Kolis?
A: The Pattikar Koli, or Patekar Koli, Pattekar Koli and Patikar Koli is a clan of Koli caste found in the Indian state of Maharashtra and neighbouring Territories.

Q: What is Xiangliu?
A: Xiangliu is the only moon of the dwarf planet 225088 Gonggong.

Q: What is 2023–24 Austrian Cup?
A: The 2023–24 Austrian Cup is the 93rd edition of the national cup in Austrian football.

Q: What is Billy Squier?
A: William Haislip Squier (born May 12, 1950) is an American musician, singer, and songwriter who had a string of arena rock and crossover hits in the early 1980s.

Q: What is Kenny G?
A: Kenneth Bruce Gorelick (born June 5, 1956), better known by his stage name Kenny G, is an American adult contemporary and smooth jazz saxophonist.

Q: What is Mittelbergheim?
A: Mittelbergheim is a commune in France.

Q: What is 2021–22 NFL playoffs?
A: The 2021–22 NFL playoffs was the playoff tournament for the 2021 season.

Q: What is Jan Fontijn?
A: Johannes Henricus Antonius "Jan" Fontijn (9 February 1936 – 6 January 2022) was a Dutch linguist and Dutch literary historian.

Q: What is Planet Smoothie?
A: Planet Smoothie is the third largest American chain of smoothie stores serving smoothies.

Q: What is Ethnic cleansing?
A: In an ethnic cleansing, one ethnic or religious group forces another to leave an area.

Q: What is Meguro?
A: is one of the 23 special wards of Tokyo, Japan.

Q: What is Kate Lehrer?
A: Kate Lehrer (born Kate Tom Staples; December 17, 1939) is an American writer, novelist and book reviewer.

Q: What is DXER-TV?
A: DXER-TV, channel 12 (analog) and channel 18 (digital), is a commercial television station.

Q: What is Fontiès-d'Aude?
A: Fontiès-d'Aude is a commune of 481 people (2017).

Q: What is Elasmotherium?
A: Elasmotherium is an extinct giant rhinoceros.

Q: What is Jawahar Nagar?
A: Jawahar Nagar is a residential colony located in the Kowdiar locality in the city of Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India.

Q: What is Johnny O'Brien?
A: John Thomas O'Brien (born December 11, 1930) is an American backup second baseman and pitcher in Major League Baseball.

Q: What is Hayle?
A: Hayle is a small town and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.

Q: What is William Griffiths (VC)?
A: William Griffiths VC (1841–22 January 1879) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross.

Q: What is Chattanooga, Tennessee?
A: Chattanooga is the fourth-largest city in Tennessee, a state in the United States of America.

Q: What is The God of Abraham Praise?
A: "The God of Abraham Praise" is a Christian version of the Jewish hymn Yigdal.

Q: What is Karangasem Regency?
A: Karangasem is a regency in the province of Bali, Indonesia The capital is Amlapura it was two ports, namely Padang Bai and Tanah Ampo.

Q: What is BBC v HarperCollins Publishers Ltd?
A: BBC v Harper Collins (2010) EWHC 2424 was a 2010 case in English law.

Q: What is Tini (singer)?
A: Martina Stoessel (; born 21 March 1997), better known by her stage name Tini, is an Argentine singer, actress, dancer, and model.

Q: What is Genius?
A: was one of the world’s most famous geniuses and a polymath.

Q: What is Chasing the Wind?
A: Chasing the Wind may refer to: * Chasing the Wind (TV series), 2024 Chinese television drama * Chasing the Wind (movie), a 2025 Turkish romance movie.

Q: What is Jan Crouch?
A: Janice Wendell Bethany "Jan" Crouch (March 14, 1938 &ndash; May 31, 2016) was an American religious broadcaster.

Q: What is Rodrigo Pacheco (politician)?
A: Rodrigo Otavio Soares Pacheco (born 3 November 1976) is a Brazilian politician and lawyer.

Q: What is Sunspot?
A: A sunspot is an area of high magnetic activity, on the surface of the Sun.

Q: What is Leopoldo Calvo-Sotelo?
A: Leopoldo Ramón Pedro Calvo-Sotelo y Bustelo, 1st Marquis of the Ría of Ribadeo, Grandee of Spain (; 14 April 1926 – 3 May 2008) was a Spanish politician.

Q: What is Treffort-Cuisiat?
A: Treffort-Cuisiat is a former commune.

Q: What is Juan Manuel de Cañas?
A: Juan Manuel de Cañas-Trujillo and Sánchez de Madrid (n.

Q: What is Injustice 2?
A: Injustice 2 is a fighting video game for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.

Q: What is Trailer (vehicle)?
A: A trailer is a type of land vehicle that does is used to carry things.

Q: What is Venkatraman Ramakrishnan?
A: Venkatraman "Venki" Ramakrishnan (born 1952) is an Indian-born-American-British structural biologist.

Q: What is Wolf 489?
A: Wolf 489 (also known as Gliese 518) is a nearby white dwarf star.

Q: What is Tony Pidgley?
A: Anthony William Pidgley CBE (6 August 1947 &ndash; 26 June 2020) was an English businessman.

Q: What is Sarcohyla calvicollina?
A: The Cerro Pelón tree frog (Sarcohyla calvicollina) is a frog that lives in Mexico.

Q: What is 104.6 RTL?
A: 104.6 RTL is a German radio station.

Q: What is Alfredo Panzini?
A: Alfredo Panzini (31 December 1863 – 10 April 1939) was an Italian writer.

Q: What is Kaori Kawanaka?
A: is a female Japanese sportswoman.

Q: What is Pleyel et Cie?
A: Pleyel et Cie ("Pleyel and Company") was a French piano manufacturing firm founded by Debussy, Saint-Saëns, Ravel, de Falla and Stravinsky.

Q: What is 1876 Bowen tornado?
A: The Bowen tornado of February 22, 1876, is Australia's first recorded F5 tornado.

Q: What is The Source?
A: The Source is an American music and entertainment news website and magazine.

Q: What is Robert Coover?
A: Robert Lowell Coover (February 4, 1932 – October 5, 2024) was an American novelist and short story writer.

Q: What is After Hours til Dawn Tour?
A: The After Hours til Dawn Tour is the seventh tour by Canadian recording artist The Weeknd.

Q: What is Maury Wills?
A: Maurice Morning Wills (October 2, 1932 – September 19, 2022) was an American former professional baseball player and manager.

Q: What is Juan Carlos Esguerra Portocarrero?
A: Juan Carlos Esguerra Portocarrero (born March 13, 1949) is a Colombian lawyer and politician.

Q: What is The Marrying Kind?
A: The Marrying Kind is a 1952 American comedy drama movie directed by George Cukor and starring Judy Holliday, Aldo Ray, Ruth Gordon, Charles Bronson, Frank Ferguson, Madge Kennedy.

Q: What is B minor?
A: B minor is a minor scale based on B.

Q: What is Vladimir Curbet?
A: Vladimir Curbet (5 December 1930 – 8 December 2017) was a Moldovan choreographer.

Q: What is Testosterone?
A: Testosterone is an androgen sex hormone.

Q: What is Cobra roll?
A: A cobra roll is a part of a roller coaster.

Q: What is Sei Ashina?
A: (born Igarashi Aya, November 22, 1983 – September 14, 2020) was a Japanese actress.

Q: What is Bukit Timah Nature Reserve?
A: Bukit Timah Nature Reserve, or BTNR, is on Bukit Timah Hill.

Q: What is Pat Benatar?
A: Pat Benatar (born Patricia Mae Andrzejewski on January 10, 1953) is a four-time Grammy Award-winning American rock singing Benatar is known for her mezzo-soprano vocal range.

Q: What is Tony Award for Best Musical?
A: This is a list of winners and nominations for the Tony Award for Best Musical, first awarded in 1949.

Q: What is Steven Yeun?
A: Steven Yeun (born December 21, 1983) is a South Korean-American actor, voice actor and singer.

Q: What is Minister of State for Care and Mental Health?
A: The Minister of State for Care and Mental Health is a position within the Government of the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Thyroid cancer?
A: Thyroid cancer is cancer in the thyroid gland.

Q: What is 2018 Pacific hurricane season?
A: 2018 Pacific hurricane season was a hurricane season in which the tropical cyclones was formed in the Western Hemisphere.

Q: What is Den Harrow?
A: Den Harrow was an Italo disco project from the mid 1980s, with Stefano Zandri (born 4 June 1962) as the face of the artist (lip syncing) , and Tom Hooker doing most of the vocals.

Q: What is Whakatāne?
A: Whakatāne is a town in the Bay of Plenty Region in the North Island of New Zealand.

Q: What is Grifton, North Carolina?
A: Grifton is a town in Lenoir and Pitt counties, North Carolina in the United States.

Q: What is SoulDecision?
A: soulDecision was a Canadian pop band from Vancouver, British Columbia.

Q: What is Fred Giffin?
A: Fred Giffin was a weightlifter from Australia.

Q: What is Devendra Kumar Joshi?
A: Admiral Devendra Kumar Joshi, PVSM, AVSM, YSM, NM, VSM (Retd.) (born 4 July 1954) is an Indian military official and politician.

Q: What is Young Earth creationism?
A: Young Earth creationism (YEC) is the belief that the God of Judaism or Christianity created the Universe, the Earth and all life on Earth over a short time between 5,700 and 10,000 years ago.

Q: What is La Bazouge-des-Alleux?
A: La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune of 262 people (1999).

Q: What is John Eastman?
A: John Charles Eastman (born April 21, 1960) is an dean at Chapman University School of Law.

Q: What is Haltern am See?
A: Haltern am See (Haltern at the lake, before December 2001 only Haltern) is a town and a municipality in the district of Recklinghausen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Q: What is Massapequa Park, New York?
A: Massapequa Park is an incorporated village located within the southern portion of the Town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County, on the South Shore of Long Island, in New York.

Q: What is Meiry Lanunce?
A: Meiry Lanunce (born 13 December 1972), is a Brazilian journalist and television presenter.

Q: What is UNetbootin?
A: UNetbootin (Universal Netboot Installer) is a cross-platform utility that can create Linux Live USB drives and can load a variety of system utilities or install various Linux distributions and other operating systems without a CD.

Q: What is Gianluca Pagliuca?
A: Gianluca Pagliuca (born 18 December 1966) is a former Italian football player.

Q: What is List of colors?
A: * This is a list of colors that have articles about them on the Simple English Wikipedia.

Q: What is Boeing International Headquarters?
A: The Boeing International Headquarters (colloquially known as the Boeing Building and formerly known as the Morton International Building) is a 36-floor skyscraper located in the Near West Side of Chicago.

Q: What is Codex?
A: , 13th century, Bohemia of the Book of Esther, Seville, Spain A codex (plural codices) is a book-like object with writing on it.

Q: What is Batabanó, Cuba?
A: Batabanó is a municipality and city in the La Habana Province of Cuba.

Q: What is Jeff Robinson (starting pitcher)?
A: Jeffrey Mark Robinson (December 14, 1961 – October 26, 2014) was an American professional baseball player.

Q: What is Lars Petrus?
A: Lars Petrus (1960 - Present) is a Sweedish Speedcuber.

Q: What is Rüeggisberg?
A: Rüeggisberg is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Violin Concerto (Sibelius)?
A: in 1913 The Violin Concerto in D minor, Op.

Q: What is 8chan?
A: 8chan (stylized as ∞chan), is a website in the style of 4chan, 8chan is composed of user-created messages.

Q: What is Ayaka?
A: Ayaka Iida (born December 18, 1987 in Moriguchi, Osaka Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese female singer signed and songwriter.

Q: What is Terry Everett?
A: Robert Terry Everett (February 15, 1937 &ndash; March 12, 2024) was an American Republican politician, real estate developer and journalist.

Q: What is Jackanory?
A: Jackanory is a long-running BBC children's television series.

Q: What is Roger Michell?
A: Roger Michell (5 June 1956 – 22 September 2021) was a South African-born British theatre, television and movie director.

Q: What is Branne, Gironde?
A: Branne, Gironde is a commune in southwest France.

Q: What is Guitar Hero?
A: On Tour: Guitar Hero: On Tour is a music video game developed by Vicarious Visions and published by RedOctane and Activision.

Q: What is Dryopteridaceae?
A: The Dryopteridaceae is a family of ferns that can be found almost anywhere on the world.

Q: What is Leonardo De Lorenzo?
A: Leonardo De Lorenzo (29 August 1875 &ndash; 29 July 1962) was an Italian flautist, composer and music educator.

Q: What is Snow Mountains tree frog?
A: The Snow Mountains tree frog (Ranoidea napaea) is a frog from New Guinea and Indonesia.

Q: What is Adirondack Phantoms?
A: The Adirondack Phantoms are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 2009.

Q: What is Naran Valley?
A: Naran Valley () is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Q: What is Naveed (album)?
A: Naveed is the first studio album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace.

Q: What is Bryan Murray?
A: Bryan Clarence Murray (December 5, 1942 &ndash; August 12, 2017) was a Canadian ice hockey general manager and former coach.

Q: What is Capita?
A: Capita plc, commonly known as Capita, is an international business process outsourcing and professional services company headquartered in London.

Q: What is Tolleshunt Knights?
A: Tolleshunt Knights is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England.

Q: What is Smile?
A: : the Mona Lisa: subtle and ambiguous or happy shriek A smile is a face made by flexing the muscles near both ends of the mouth.

Q: What is Defense (legal)?
A: In civil proceedings and criminal prosecutions under the common law, a defendant may raise a defense (or defence) in an attempt to avoid criminal or civil liability.

Q: What is The Craig Machine?
A: The Craig Machine is a live album by comedian Stephen Lynch that was released on October 4, 2005 by What Are Records?.

Q: What is Fort Hays State University?
A: Fort Hays State University (FHSU) is a public university in Hays, Kansas.

Q: What is Arzens?
A: Arzens is a commune of 1,238 people (2017).

Q: What is Jesse Metcalfe?
A: Jesse Eden Metcalfe (born December 9, 1978) is an American actor.

Q: What is Emily Rose?
A: Emily Rose Maier (born February 2, 1981) is an American actress.

Q: What is Panpsychism?
A: Panpsychism is the theory that everything in the universe is somewhat sentient or conscious.

Q: What is Johann Hoffmann?
A: Johann Hoffmann (* 6 January 1908; † 30 November 1974 in Vienna) was an Austrian football player He won as midfielder two championship titles with SK Rapid Wien.

Q: What is R. L. Stine?
A: Robert Lawrence Stine (born October 8, 1943), known as R.

Q: What is Dhyāna sutras?
A: The Dhyāna sutras (Chan-jing) are a group of early Buddhist meditation texts which contain meditation teachings from the Sarvastivada school along with some early proto-Mahayana meditations.

Q: What is Jupp Derwall?
A: Josef "Jupp" Derwall (10 March 1927 – 26 June 2007) was a German football player.

Q: What is The Barkleys of Broadway?
A: The Barkleys of Broadway is a 1949 American musical movie directed by Charles Walters and starring Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Oscar Levant, Billie Burke, Gale Robbins, Jacques François, Clinton Sundberg, George Zucco.

Q: What is FaceTime?
A: FaceTime is video conferencing software created by Apple Inc.

Q: What is D'Andre Swift?
A: D'Andre Tiyon Swift (born January 14, 1999) is an American football player for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Charles XIV John?
A: Charles XIV & III John, also Carl John, Swedish and Norwegian: Carl Johan (26 January 1763 – 8 March 1844) was a Swedish monarch.

Q: What is Khyber Pakhtunkhwa?
A: Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is a province in northwest Pakistan.

Q: What is Mother?
A: A mother (also called mom, mum and mommy) is a female parent.

Q: What is Pa?
A: Pa can mean any of the following: * Protactinium, an element.

Q: What is General Motors C/K Trucks?
A: The C/K was Chevrolet and GMC's full-size pickup truck.

Q: What is Gidget?
A: Gidget is a 1959 American romantic comedy teen movie about living in California.

Q: What is Safe House?
A: Safe House is a 2012 American action thriller movie.

Q: What is Gauteng?
A: Gauteng ( ; ; Sotho: Gauteng ; ; Tsonga: Gauteng/eXilungwini; Ndebele, ; ; ) is a province of South Africa.

Q: What is Citytv Saskatchewan?
A: Citytv Saskatchewan (formerly the Saskatchewan Communications Network, or SCN) is a Canadian English language cable television channel.

Q: What is We're a Happy Family?
A: We're a Happy Family – A Tribute To Ramones is a tribute album by various artists as a tribute to the Ramones.

Q: What is 2011 Goldsby tornado?
A: From May 21st through May 26th, 2011, the Northern Oklahoma Towns experienced one of the largest Tornado Outbreaks in US History.

Q: What is Serra, Espírito Santo?
A: Serra is an Brazilian city in the state of Espírito Santo.

Q: What is 255?
A: Year 255 (CCLV) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Yitzhak Livni?
A: Yitzhak Livni (17 October 1934 – 12 February 2017) was an Israeli media personality and journalist.

Q: What is Laurel and Hardy?
A: Laurel and Hardy were a comedy duo act during the early Classical Hollywood era of American cinema, consisting of Englishman Stan Laurel (1890–1965) and American Oliver Hardy (1892–1957).

Q: What is Ichthyostegalia?
A: Ichthyostegalia is an order of tetrapods, representing the earliest land vertebrates.

Q: What is William Bradshaw, Baron Bradshaw?
A: William Peter Bradshaw, Baron Bradshaw (born 9 September 1936), commonly known as Bill Bradshaw, is a British academic and politician.

Q: What is John van Katwijk?
A: John van Katwijk (8 August 1951 — 16 January 2025) was a Dutch music producer, songwriter and artist manager.

Q: What is René Felber?
A: René Felber (14 March 1933 – 18 October 2020) is a Swiss politician.

Q: What is Bonarcado?
A: Bonarcado (Bonàrcadu) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is Cass Ballenger?
A: Thomas Cass Ballenger (December 6, 1926 – February 18, 2015) was an American politician.

Q: What is Khatib?
A: delivering a sermon as a Khatib Khatib or khateeb ( khaṭīb) is an Arabic term used to describe a person who delivers the sermon (khuṭbah), during the Friday prayer or Eid prayers.

Q: What is Argélico Fuchs?
A: Argélico Fuchs, previously Argélico Fucks, (born 14 September 1974) is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Aiglun, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence?
A: Aiglun is a commune in southeastern France.

Q: What is Knick knack?
A: Knickknacks or knick knacks are small objects.

Q: What is Ken Whisenhunt?
A: Kenneth "Ken" Moore Whisenhunt (born February 28, 1962 in Augusta, Georgia) is the American football head coach of the Arizona Cardinals NFL football team, leading them to the first Super Bowl in ream history during the 2008 season.

Q: What is Bloomberg Businessweek?
A: Bloomberg Businessweek is an American monthly business magazine.

Q: What is Three Loves in Rio?
A: Three Loves in Rio (, ) is a 1959 Brazilian Argentine drama movie directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and starring Agildo Ribeiro, Fábio Cardoso, Domingo Alzugaray, Jardel Filho, Susana Freyre.

Q: What is Godfrey I, Count of Namur?
A: Godfrey of Namur (attested in 1080; died 19 August 1139) was a Lotharingian nobleman.

Q: What is Petko Petkov?
A: Petko Petkov may refer to: *Petko Petkov (footballer) (1946−2020), Bulgarian football player and manager *Petko Petkov (football manager) (born 1968), Bulgarian football manager and former player *Petko Petkov (volleyball) (born 1958), Bulgarian volleyball player.

Q: What is FIBA?
A: The International Basketball Federation (FIBA ; French: ) is the governing body of the sport of basketball.

Q: What is Coudons?
A: Coudons is a commune of 52 people (2017).

Q: What is Zahra Rahnavard?
A: Zahra Rahnavard (; born Zohreh Kazemi; 19 August 1945) is an Iranian university professor, artist and politician.

Q: What is Vavuniya District?
A: Vavuniya District ( '; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka.

Q: What is Vichada Department?
A: Vichada Department is a department of Colombia in South America.

Q: What is Imperial Rule Assistance Association?
A: The Japanese Imperial Rule Assistance Association was the country's fascist party during World War Two.

Q: What is Flond?
A: Flond is a former municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Q: What is Bensheim?
A: Bensheim is a city in Hesse, Germany.

Q: What is Hermann Göring?
A: Hermann Wilhelm Göring (January 12, 1893 – October 15, 1946) was a German Nazi concentration camps.

Q: What is Province of East Prussia?
A: What is East Prussia called today? Kaliningrad The northern part of East Prussia is the region of Kaliningrad, Russia.

Q: What is DZOZ-DTV?
A: DZOZ-DTV (channel 33) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the Light TV network.

Q: What is Lingfield?
A: Lingfield is a village and civil parish in Surrey, England.

Q: What is Charles Aznavour?
A: Charles Aznavour (22 May 1924 &ndash; 1 October 2018) was an Armenian-French singer, songwriter and actor.

Q: What is Tikhon Khrennikov?
A: Tikhon Khrennikov (born Yelets, Russian Empire, 10 June 1913; died Moscow, 14 August 2007) was a Russian musician.

Q: What is British Uganda Programme?
A: The British Uganda Programme was a plan to give a piece of East Africa, owned by the British, to Jewish people to live in.

Q: What is Extinct in the Wild?
A: Extinct in the Wild (EW) is a conservation status given to a species, a group of plants or animals, when the only known living members are being kept in captivity (kept in a zoo or aquarium, or planted in pots), or they are no longer living in their normal habitat.

Q: What is Pocket PC 2002?
A: Pocket PC 2002 is a second released for Windows Mobile, was released for pubilc on October 4, 2001, there use by kernel type is Windows CE 2.10, based for Pocket PC 2000, Pocket PC 2002 was been the news codenamed is Merlin has succesor for Windows Mobile 2003.

Q: What is The Star (1949 movie)?
A: The Star () is a 1949 Soviet war movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanov.

Q: What is Plausible deniability?
A: Plausible deniability are words first used by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) during the John F.

Q: What is Champvallon?
A: Champvallon is a former commune.

Q: What is Free Wales Army?
A: The Free Wales Army, or the FWA for short, () was a Welsh paramilitary organisation that wanted independence for Wales from the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Northwestern State University?
A: Northwestern State University of Louisiana also known as (NSULA) is a college in Natchitoches, Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Bodydonnas?
A: The Bodydonnas were a professional wrestling tag team that are best known for their time in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) from 1995 until 1996.

Q: What is Del Amitri?
A: Del Amitri is a Scottish alternative rock band formed in Glasgow in 1980.

Q: What is Hypersonic speed?
A: In aerodynamics, hypersonic speeds are speeds that are significantly faster than the speed of sound.

Q: What is Kim (given name)?
A: Kim is a male or female given name.

Q: What is Le Quesnoy-en-Artois?
A: Le Quesnoy-en-Artois is a commune.

Q: What is Kenji (era)?
A: was a which came after Bun'ei and before Kōan.

Q: What is Catholic Bible?
A: The Catholic Bible contains the scripture that the Catholic Church has defined.

Q: What is 225088 Gonggong?
A: (red circle) seen by the Hubble Space Telescope in 2010 225088 Gonggong is a dwarf planet of the Solar System.

Q: What is Mi querida España?
A: "Mi querida España" ("My Dearest Spain" or "My Lovely Spain") is a song.

Q: What is Organizational ecology?
A: Organizational ecology is a branch of organizational studies that draws from biology, economics, and sociology to examine how organizations emerge, evolve, and decline.

Q: What is Big Mutha Truckers 2?
A: Big Mutha Truckers 2 known in Europe as Big Mutha Truckers 2: Truck Me Harder is an racing video game, developed by Eutechnyx and published in North America by THQ while the European version published by Empire Interactive.

Q: What is Ham (son of Noah)?
A: , Ham and Japhet, a painting by James Tissot.

Q: What is Don't Ask Me Why (Billy Joel song)?
A: "Don't Ask Me Why" is a 1980 song by Billy Joel and is the third single from his seventh studio album Glass Houses.

Q: What is Mister Sinister?
A: Mister Sinister, also known as Nathaniel Essex, is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.

Q: What is Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn?
A: The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn (or Golden Dawn for short) was a magical order of secret society for the study of the occult and metaphysics.

Q: What is One Thing Leads to Another?
A: "One Thing Leads to Another" is a 1983 single by English new wave band the Fixx and taken from their album Reach the Beach.

Q: What is Sexual partner?
A: A sexual partner is two people in a relationship consisting of little to no romantic feelings but more sexual feelings.

Q: What is Filicide?
A: and His Son Ivan on November 16th, 1581., a painting of the filicide by Ilya Yefimovich Repin.

Q: What is Tumbleweed (band)?
A: Tumbleweed is an Australian rock group formed in 1990 in Tarrawanna.

Q: What is East Asian languages?
A: The East Asian language family or East Eurasian language family is a theoretical language family made up of the majority of the languages of East Asia and Southeast Asia.

Q: What is Medieval music?
A: Medieval music is music from the Middle Ages, a long period from about 400 AD to 1400 AD.

Q: What is Argenton-Notre-Dame?
A: Argenton-Notre-Dame is a former commune of 181 people (1999).

Q: What is London Metal Exchange?
A: The London Metal Exchange (LME) is the world's largest market in metals.

Q: What is Leanza Cornett?
A: Eva Leanza Cornett (June 10, 1971 &ndash; October 28, 2020) was an American television personality and beauty pageant title holder.

Q: What is Matchbox?
A: A matchbox is a container or case made of cardboard or thin wood and designed to place matches.

Q: What is 2 Faced?
A: "2 Faced" is a song recorded by English singer Louise which was released as on 17 July 2000, as the lead single from Louise's third studio album Elbow Beach (album).

Q: What is Kurt Malangré?
A: Kurt Malangré (18 September 1934 – 4 October 2018) was a German politician.

Q: What is Flushed Away?
A: Flushed Away is a 2006 computer-animated adventure comedy film directed by David Bowers and Sam Fell, produced by Cecil Kramer, David Sproxton, and Peter Lord, and written by Dick Clement, Ian La Frenais, Chris Lloyd, Joe Keenan, and Will Davies.

Q: What is James G. Blaine?
A: James Gillespie Blaine (January 31, 1830 – January 27, 1893) was an American politician.

Q: What is Little grass frog?
A: The little grass frog, tree frog, least tree frog, black-spotted tree frog, or little chorus frog (Pseudacris ocularis) is a frog.

Q: What is The Homestretch?
A: The Homestretch is a 1947 American drama movie directed by H.

Q: What is Surrey, British Columbia?
A: Surrey is a city in British Columbia, Canada.

Q: What is Neil Innes?
A: Neil James Innes (; 9 December 1944 – 29 December 2019) was an English actor, comedian, musician and writer.

Q: What is West Antarctica?
A: West Antarctica is one of the two major regions of the continent of Antarctica.

Q: What is It's My Party?
A: It's My Party is a romance and drama movie.

Q: What is Candlewick (character)?
A: Candlewick (also known as Lampwick or Wickley) is a character from The Adventures of Pinocchio.

Q: What is Canon (music)?
A: :For other meanings of the word "canon" see canon.

Q: What is Hugh Griffith?
A: Hugh Emrys Griffith (; 30 May 1912 – 14 May 1980) was a Welsh screen and stage actor.

Q: What is Salsomaggiore Terme?
A: Salsomaggiore Terme is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna.

Q: What is Pinto horse?
A: A Pinto horse is a spotted horse.

Q: What is Argiope keyserlingi?
A: Argiope keyserlingi also called St.

Q: What is Brienz/Brinzauls?
A: Brienz/Brinzauls () was a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Q: What is Unsupervised learning?
A: Unsupervised learning is a type of machine learning where algorithms find patterns in data without any labels.

Q: What is Aubercourt?
A: Aubercourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Q: What is Rorschwihr?
A: Rorschwihr is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department east France.

Q: What is Karl Mai?
A: Karl Mai (27 July 1927 – 15 March 1993) was a German professional football player.

Q: What is Sigebert IV de Franks?
A: Sigebert IV Plantard and Sigebert IV de Raze (c.

Q: What is Love Me Tender (1956 movie)?
A: Love Me Tender is a 1956 American musical western movie directed by Robert D.

Q: What is Lakagigar?
A: Lakagígar is a row of spectacular craters along twenty-five kilometres in the southern Icelandic Highlands.

Q: What is Lyda Krewson?
A: Lyda Krewson (born November 14, 1953) is an American Democratic politician.

Q: What is Lunatic?
A: Lunatic is an old term that was used to refer to a person with a mental illness, or a mental disability.

Q: What is Peter Luccin?
A: Peter Luccin (born 9 April 1979) is a French football coach and former professional player.

Q: What is Giglio?
A: Giglio Island (Italian: Isola del Giglio) is an island and Italian comune located in the Tyrrhenian Sea, off the coast of Tuscany, part of the Province of Grosseto, and part of Tuscan Archipelago.

Q: What is Canal J?
A: Canal J is a French children's pay television network by Canal+ and StudioCanal in France, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Italy and Czech Republic.

Q: What is Nihat Kahveci?
A: Nihat Kahveci (born 23 November 1979) is a Turkish football player.

Q: What is List of presidents of the Republic of the Congo?
A: This is a list of presidents of the Republic of the Congo since the creation of the post of president in 1960, to the present day.

Q: What is John Higgins (footballer)?
A: John Wilson Higgins (27 January 1930 – June 28, 2017) was a Scottish professional footballer.

Q: What is Konrad Emil Bloch?
A: Konrad Emil Bloch ForMemRS (21 January 1912 – 15 October 2000) was a German American biochemist.

Q: What is Anastasiya Mukharyamova?
A: Anastasiya Khasyanovna Mukharyamova (born July 16, 1984) is a Russian rugby player.

Q: What is Picardy Spaniel?
A: The Picardy Spaniel () is a medium size spaniel type of gun dog.

Q: What is LGBT rights in Bangladesh?
A: for Bangladeshi LGBT people designed by John Ashley LGBT human rights are not respected in the People's Republic of Bangladesh, and there appears to be no organized movement to advance such human rights.

Q: What is Killing of Dipu Chandra Das?
A: On 18 December 2025, a mob killed a Hindu man named Dipu Chandra Das.

Q: What is Royal Society of Chemistry?
A: The Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) is a learned society and professional association in the United Kingdom with the goal of "advancing the chemical sciences".

Q: What is The Blue Dahlia?
A: The Blue Dahlia is a 1946 American crime thriller movie directed by George Marshall and starring Alan Ladd, Veronica Lake, William Bendix, Howard Da Silva, Doris Dowling, Hugh Beaumont, Tom Powers, Howard Freeman.

Q: What is IPhone 6S?
A: The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are two smartphones designed by Apple Inc.

Q: What is Tax rate?
A: In a tax system, the tax rate is the ratio (usually expressed as a percentage) at which a business or person is taxed.

Q: What is The Elf on the Shelf?
A: The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition is a 2004 children's picture book.

Q: What is Philautus umbra?
A: The pinnacle bubble-nest frog (Philautus umbra) is a frog.

Q: What is Lorca?
A: Lorca is a municipality in the Region of Murcia, in Spain.

Q: What is Mio Mao series 2?
A: The second series of the preschool television series Mio Mao was originally broadcast on Milkshake! in the United Kingdom from 6 September 2005 to 1 March 2006, and contains 26 episodes.

Q: What is Chapmantown, California?
A: Chapmantown is an unincorporated community in Butte County, California.

Q: What is Jane Bryan?
A: Jane Bryan (June 11, 1918 – April 8, 2009) was an American actress.

Q: What is Table tennis at the 2016 Summer Paralympics – Men's individual – Class 6?
A: The Men's individual table tennis – Class 6 competition at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro happened between 7 and 18 September 2016.

Q: What is Jelly?
A: Jell-O :This article is for the dessert, Jelly.

Q: What is Glandular fever?
A: Glandular fever is a viral infection caused by the EpsteinBarr virus.

Q: What is Arabidopsis thaliana?
A: Arabidopsis thaliana is a small flowering plant native to Europe, Asia, and northwestern Africa.

Q: What is You Need to Calm Down?
A: "You Need to Calm Down" is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift.

Q: What is Andriy Beshta?
A: Andriy Petrovych Beshta (; 14 December 1976 – 30 May 2021) was a Ukrainian politician and diplomat.

Q: What is United Nations Human Rights Council?
A: The United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) is in the United Nations System.

Q: What is A Nightmare on Elm Street (franchise)?
A: A Nightmare on Elm Street is an American horror franchise that is made up of nine slasher movies, a television series, novels, and comic books.

Q: What is Fuentelmonge?
A: Fuentelmonge is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Q: What is Avalanche Express?
A: Avalanche Express is a 1979 Irish American action adventure thriller movie directed by Mark Robson and was based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Colin Forbes.

Q: What is The E.N.D.?
A: The E.N.D (an abbreviation of The Energy Never Dies) is the fifth studio album by American pop rap group the Black Eyed Peas.

Q: What is Punch (strike)?
A: A punch is when a person puts their hand in a fist and thrusts it forward.

Q: What is Subantarctic rayadito?
A: The Subantarctic rayadito (Aphrastura subantarctica) is a species of bird.

Q: What is Tide (brand)?
A: Tide is a brand of laundry detergent and is owned by Procter & Gamble.

Q: What is Separating funnel?
A: A separating funnel (also called a separation funnel) is a piece of laboratory glassware.

Q: What is Raaberbahn?
A: The Raaberbahn or GySEV is a railway company from Hungary and Austria, based in Sopron.

Q: What is Piding?
A: Piding is a climatic spa in Berchtesgadener Land, a district (Landkreis) in Upper Bavaria.

Q: What is Ferroelectricity?
A: Ferroelectricity is a something some materials, usually crystals, do.

Q: What is Grinch?
A: The Grinch is a fictional character created by Dr.

Q: What is Freddy Thielemans?
A: Freddy Thielemans (11 September 1944 – 29 January 2022) was a Belgian socialist politician.

Q: What is Kimiko Glenn?
A: Kimiko Elizabeth Glenn (born June 27, 1989) is an American actress and singer.

Q: What is Civil Works Administration?
A: (1934) The Civil Works Administration (CWA) was a program that created jobs.

Q: What is Nativity of Jesus?
A: The nativity of Jesus, nativity of Christ, birth of Jesus or birth of Christ is mentioned in the biblical gospels of Luke and Matthew.

Q: What is Azerbaijan at the Paralympics?
A: Azerbaijan first participated in the Paralympic Games at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, with a two-man team to compete in track and field and powerlifting.

Q: What is Barnyard (video game)?
A: Barnyard is a 2006 party game based on the animated movie of the same name.

Q: What is Michael Johns (singer)?
A: Michael John Lee (20 October 1978 &ndash; 1 August 2014), better known by his stage name Michael Johns, was an Australian singer-songwriter.

Q: What is Melbourne Airport?
A: Melbourne Airport is the second busiest airport in Australia.

Q: What is Mauro Tassotti?
A: Mauro Tassotti (born 19 January 1960) is a former Italian football player.

Q: What is Clinton family?
A: The Family of Bill Clinton was the first family of the United States following his inauguration as the 42nd president of the United States on January 20, 1993 and ended on January 20, 2001.

Q: What is Alana King?
A: Alana Maria King (born 22 November 1995) is an Australian international cricketer.

Q: What is Tushek?
A: Tushek & Spigel Supercars GmbH is a Austrian-Slovenian company headquartered in Graz it makes Supercars it was founded in Slovenia in 2011 by Aljoša Tushek a Slovenian racing driver.

Q: What is Ola L. Mize?
A: Ola Lee Mize (August 28, 1931 &ndash; March 12, 2014) was a United States Army officer.

Q: What is Karin Strenz?
A: Karin Strenz (14 October 1967 – 21 March 2021) was a German politician.

Q: What is Scream (band)?
A: Scream is a hardcore punk band from Bailey's Crossroads, Virginia.

Q: What is Kay Bailey Hutchison?
A: Kay Bailey Hutchison (born July 22, 1943) is an American politician.

Q: What is Annabel Sutherland?
A: Annabel Jane Sutherland is a cricketer from Australia.

Q: What is Whitinsville, Massachusetts?
A: Whitinsville is an unincorporated village within the town of Northbridge in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States.

Q: What is Sydney Lotterby?
A: Sydney Warren Lotterby OBE (30 November 1926 – July 2020) was a British television producer and director.

Q: What is Zijpe?
A: Zijpe was a municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland.

Q: What is Carlos Schneeberger?
A: Carlos Alberto Schneberger Lemp (born 21 June 1902 in Lautaro, Chile died 1 October 1973 in Temuco, Chile) was a Chilean football attacker.

Q: What is Seneca people?
A: The Seneca (/ˈsɛnɪkə/) (Seneca: Onödowáʼga:, "Great Hill People") are Iroquois Native Americans.

Q: What is Phoebe (Titan)?
A: Phoebe is a Titan in Greek mythology.

Q: What is Gloria E. Anzaldúa?
A: Gloria Evangelina Anzaldúa (September 26, 1942 – May 15, 2004) was an award-winning American radical feminist writer.

Q: What is Balkh?
A: Balkh () is a city in Balkh Province of Afghanistan.

Q: What is Kawakawa, New Zealand?
A: Kawakawa is a small town in the Far North District and in the Bay of Islands.

Q: What is Paola Medina?
A: Paola Medina Montero (born 1 December 1985) is a female water polo player from Puerto Rico.

Q: What is Montrond-le-Château?
A: Montrond-le-Château is a commune.

Q: What is Savigneux?
A: Savigneux may refer to the following places in France: * Savigneux, Ain, a commune in the department of Ain * Savigneux, Loire, a commune in the department of Loire.

Q: What is Runaways (The Killers song)?
A: "Runaways" is a 2012 song by alternative rock band The Killers and is the leading single from their fourth studio album Battle Born.

Q: What is Santarém District?
A: The District of Santarém () is in central Portugal.

Q: What is Kumano shrine?
A: , Okayama A is a type of Shinto shrine that honors the three Kumano mountains: Hongū, Shingū, and Nachi.

Q: What is Michel Delebarre?
A: Michel Delebarre (27 April 1946 – 9 April 2022) was a French politician.

Q: What is Ferenbalm?
A: Ferenbalm () is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld?
A: Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld (21 October 1921 – 30 March 2015) was a Dutch astronomer.

Q: What is Rögle BK?
A: Rögle BK is an ice hockey club in the town of Ängelholm in Sweden.

Q: What is Pierre Seron?
A: Pierre Seron (9 February 1942 – 24 May 2017) was a Belgian comic book artist.

Q: What is King (chess)?
A: The king is the most valuable chess piece in a game of chess.

Q: What is Changsha?
A: Changsha () is the capital and most populous city in Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.

Q: What is Colors Tamil?
A: Colors Tamil is an Tamil language pay television channel and satellite television channel.

Q: What is Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi?
A: The Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi (translation: Deprived Majority Front; VBA) is an Indian political party founded by Prakash Ambedkar on 20 March 2018.

Q: What is Starcrash?
A: Starcrash is a 1978 American space opera movie directed and co-written by Italian filmmaker Luigi Cozzi, and starring Marjoe Gortner, Caroline Munro, Christopher Plummer, David Hasselhoff and Joe Spinell.

Q: What is Scientific management?
A: Scientific management is a field of study which was started by Frederick Winslow Taylor (1856-1915).

Q: What is Steve Perryman?
A: Stephen John Perryman (born 21 December 1951) is a former English football player.

Q: What is Visual Basic for Applications?
A: Visual Basic for Applications is a scripting language, that is used in the Microsoft Office tool suite.

Q: What is Lake Amadeus?
A: Lake Amadeus () is a huge salt lake in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory, in Australia.

Q: What is Santon?
A: A santon ("little saint") is small, hand painted, terra cotta figurine manufactured in Provençal.

Q: What is Anna Nagar?
A: Anna Nagar is a neighbourhood in the metropolitan city of Chennai, India.

Q: What is Tofik Bahramov?
A: Tofik Bahram oglu Bahramov (Azeri: Tofiq Bəhram oğlu Bəhramov ; 29 January 1925 &mdash; 26 March 1993), commonly known as the Russian linesman in England, was an Azerbaijani football referee notable for being the linesman who helped to award a goal for England in the 1966 FIFA World Cup Final against West Germany.

Q: What is Tomáš Vokoun?
A: Tomáš Vokoun (born 2 July 1976 in Karlovy Vary, Czechoslovakia) is an Czech retired professional ice hockey goaltender.

Q: What is Bandaranaike International Airport?
A: Bandaranaike International airport (; ; IATA: CMB, ICAO: VCBI) is the main international airport serving Sri Lanka.

Q: What is Electorate?
A: The Electorate are the people or citizens of a state who elect representatives to represent them in a democracy.

Q: What is Erik Martin?
A: Erik Martin (12 January 1936 – 25 April 2017) was a German writer, songwriter and composer of songs.

Q: What is Xanthi (regional unit)?
A: Xanthi is a Greek city and its one of 51 prefectures in Greece.

Q: What is Eberhard Jäckel?
A: Eberhard Jäckel (June 29, 1929 &ndash; August 15, 2017) was a Social Democratic German historian.

Q: What is Geronimo Dyogi?
A: Geronimo "Ronnie" Dyogi was a judoka from Philippines.

Q: What is Composition (visual arts)?
A: In visual arts, the composition is the way that colors or shapes are put together or arranged in a particular painting, graphic, photograph or sculpture.

Q: What is Mickey Cohen?
A: mugshot, July 1961 Meyer Harris "Mickey" Cohen (September 4, 1913 – July 29, 1976) was an American gangster who worked in Los Angeles.

Q: What is Free love?
A: Free love is when people are free to have sexual relations with anyone without getting married.

Q: What is List of prehistoric bony fish genera?
A: The following list of prehistoric fishes is not a completely comprehensive list.

Q: What is Big Tom?
A: Tom McBride (18 September 1936&nbsp;– 17 April 2018), known as Big Tom, was an Irish country, traditional, easy listening singer, guitarist, and saxophone player.

Q: What is Michael Williams, Baron Williams of Baglan?
A: Michael Charles Williams, Baron Williams of Baglan (11 June 1949 – 23 April 2017) was a British diplomat and crossbench life peer.

Q: What is Richard Bright (actor)?
A: Richard James Bright (June 28, 1937 – February 18, 2006) was an American actor.

Q: What is Tony Scott?
A: Anthony David "Tony" Scott (21 June 1944 – 19 August 2012) was a British movie director.

Q: What is Blue-footed booby?
A: Blue-footed boobies are seabirds known for their sky blue feet.

Q: What is Chico Albuquerque?
A: Chico Albuquerque (25 April 1917 – 26 December 2000) was a Brazilian photographer.

Q: What is Ramadan Shalah?
A: Ramadan Abdullah Mohammed Shalah (1 January 1958 – 6 June 2020) was a Palestinian militant.

Q: What is A cappella?
A: A cappella is a music where people sing without instruments.

Q: What is Saleh (name)?
A: Saleh or Saaleh (Arabic: صَالَح ), Arabic form of the Hebrew names Shelah, Selah or Methuselah (Hebrew: שֶׁלַח).

Q: What is Dieter Mann?
A: Dieter Mann (20 June 1941 – 3 February 2022) was a German actor.

Q: What is Gudetama?
A: Gudetama is a fictional character created by the Japanese company Sanrio.

Q: What is Benjamin Herschel Babbage?
A: Benjamin Herschel Babbage (1815—1878) was an English people Babbage was very thorough, and spent a lot of time making sure that his information was correct.

Q: What is Oscar Martinez (The Office)?
A: Oscar Martinez is a fictional character from the US mockumentary-style television series The Office (U.S.

Q: What is Humat al-Hima?
A: "Humat Al-Hima" (, ; "Defenders of the Homeland") is the national anthem of Tunisia since November 1987.

Q: What is András Schiff?
A: András Schiff (born 21 December 1953) is a Hungarian-born British classical pianist and conductor who has won a number of major awards.

Q: What is Bungie Studios?
A: Bungie Studios is an American video game developer.

Q: What is Swift (programming language)?
A: Swift is a general-purpose programming language made by Apple Inc.

Q: What is Apache License?
A: The Apache License is a Free software In May 2004, Google said that 25.8 percent of software projects hosted on Google Code used this license.

Q: What is List of Roman emperors?
A: This is a list of the Roman emperors: Many of them were murdered by relatives, enemies, friends, and soldiers.

Q: What is Curtain Call at Cactus Creek?
A: Curtain Call at Cactus Creek is a 1950 American western comedy movie directed by Charles Lamont and starring Donald O'Connor, Gale Storm, Walter Brennan, Vincent Price, Eve Arden, Joe Sawyer, Chick Chandler, Rex Lease.

Q: What is Sakanoue no Tamuramaro?
A: was a general and shogun of the early Heian Period of Japan.

Q: What is Nigel Terry?
A: Peter Nigel Terry (15 August 1945 &ndash; 30 April 2015) was an English stage and movie actor.

Q: What is A.J. Styles?
A: Allen Neal Jones (born June 2, 1977) better known by his ring name AJ Styles or A.J.

Q: What is Imperial lemon?
A: The Imperial lemon is a lemon and grapefruit hybrid.

Q: What is Gould Belt?
A: cloud complex is a star-forming region in the Gould Belt The Gould Belt is a partial ring of stars local to us in the Milky Way.

Q: What is Mooreville, Mississippi?
A: Mooreville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Lee County, Mississippi, United States.

Q: What is Organisation internationale de la Francophonie?
A: Francophonie is an international organization of politics and governments with French as the main language.

Q: What is Nutteln?
A: Nutteln is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Q: What is Chevrolet Camaro?
A: The Chevrolet Camaro is a car manufactured by Chevrolet.

Q: What is Red Sea crisis?
A: The Red Sea crisis is an ongoing armed conflict in the Middle East.

Q: What is Vitória S.C.?
A: Vitória Sport Clube, popularly known as Vitória de Guimarães, is a Portuguese professional football club based in Guimarães that competes in the Primeira Liga, the top-flight of football in Portugal.

Q: What is Raise Your Weapon?
A: "Raise Your Weapon" is a song by Canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and features vocals from Greta Svabo Bech.

Q: What is Burdur?
A: Burdur is a city in southwestern Turkey.

Q: What is Fokker?
A: Fokker was a Dutch aircraft manufacturer named after its founder Anthony Fokker.

Q: What is Utagawa Kuniyoshi?
A: Utagawa Kuniyoshi (, ; January 1, 1798 – April 14, 1861) also called Kuniyoshi, was a Japanese artist.

Q: What is Lia (South Korean singer)?
A: Lia (; born Choi Ji-su on July 21, 2000) is a South Korean singer.

Q: What is Montana House of Representatives?
A: The Montana House of Representatives is, with the Montana Senate, one of the two houses of the Montana Legislature.

Q: What is Purchase?
A: Pursaching is the buying of goods or services.

Q: What is Hapeville, Georgia?
A: Hapeville is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

Q: What is Ashtabula County, Ohio?
A: Ashtabula County is the northeasternmost county in the U.S.

Q: What is Jesper Grønkjær?
A: Jesper Grønkjær (; born 12 August 1977) is a Danish former professional footballer, who most recently worked as a pundit for Scandinavian media network Viaplay.

Q: What is List of MeSH codes (C01)?
A: The following is a partial list of the "C" codes for Medical Subject Headings (MeSH), as defined by the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM).

Q: What is Securities fraud?
A: Securities fraud, also known as investment fraud or stock fraud, refers to when a deceptive practice in a stock market or commodity market is committed.

Q: What is Birendra of Nepal?
A: Birendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev () (28 December 1945 – 1 June 2001) was the king of Nepal from 1972 until 2001.

Q: What is Gene Shalit?
A: Gene Shalit (born March 25, 1926) is an American movie and book critic.

Q: What is Amyloplast?
A: An amyloplast is an organelle inside a plant cell that stores starch.

Q: What is Sandy Hook, Connecticut?
A: Sandy Hook is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Q: What is Katarina Witt?
A: Katarina Witt (born 3 December 1965) is a retired German figure skater.

Q: What is Playa Coyote?
A: Playa Coyote, formerly Puerto Coyote, is one of the secluded beaches in Costa Rica.

Q: What is Domburg?
A: Domburg is a seaside resort on the North Sea on the northwest coast of Walcheren.

Q: What is Frank Church?
A: Frank Forrester Church III (July 25, 1924 &ndash; April 7, 1984) was an American politician.

Q: What is György Kárpáti?
A: György Kárpáti (June 23, 1935 &ndash; June 17, 2020) was a Hungarian water polo player.

Q: What is Noceda del Bierzo?
A: Noceda del Bierzo is a municipality in León, Castile and León, Spain.

Q: What is Ayaka Takahashi?
A: Ayaka Takahashi (born 28 May 1992) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games and 2015 World Aquatic Championships.

Q: What is Professional Golfers Association?
A: Professional Golfers' Association, (with or without the apostrophe), is the usual term for a professional association in men's golf.

Q: What is Montreuil-en-Auge?
A: Montreuil-en-Auge is a commune.

Q: What is Columbia Heights, Minnesota?
A: Columbia Heights is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Q: What is Arthur Bliss?
A: Sir Arthur Bliss CH KCVO (London, 2 August 1891; died London, 27 March 1975) was a British composer.

Q: What is The Lords of Flatbush?
A: The Lords of Flatbush is a 1974 American coming of age romantic comedy drama movie directed by Martin Davidson and starring Sylvester Stallone, Perry King, Henry Winkler, Susan Blakely and Armand Assante.

Q: What is Takasaki?
A: is Japanese city in Gunma Prefecture on the island of Honshū.

Q: What is DYKC-TV?
A: DYKC-TV (channel 9) is a television station in Metro Cebu, Philippines, serving as the Visayas flagship of the RPTV network.

Q: What is Clyde Tolson?
A: Clyde Anderson Tolson (May 22, 1900 – April 14, 1975) was the second-ranking official of the FBI from 1930 until 1972.

Q: What is Antisemitic stereotypes?
A: Antisemitic stereotypes, also known as antisemitic Trope * * * * * refer to antisemitic stereotypes about Jew.

Q: What is Slow Dazzle?
A: Slow Dazzle is the fifth studio album by multi-instrumentalist John Cale.

Q: What is Tara Wallace?
A: Taranasha Wallace (born in September 20, 1976), known as Tara Wallace.

Q: What is Sonia Chang-Díaz?
A: Sonia Rosa Chang-Díaz (born March 31, 1978) is an American politician.

Q: What is Puma?
A: Pumas (Puma concolor), also called cougars, mountain lions, catamounts, or brown panthers, are large wild cats.

Q: What is Museum Campus?
A: Museum Campus is a museum park that sits near Lake Michigan in Chicago and surrounds three of the city's most famous museums.

Q: What is Burlington County, New Jersey?
A: Burlington County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Jackie Basehart?
A: John Anthony Carmine Michael "Jackie" Basehart (11 October 1951 – 16 May 2015) was an American-born Italian actor.

Q: What is June Lockhart?
A: June Kathleen Lockhart (June 25, 1925 – October 23, 2025) was an American actress.

Q: What is Karma (character)?
A: Karma (Xuân Cao Mạnh) is a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.

Q: What is 2018 Minnesota gubernatorial election?
A: The 2018 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 6, to elect the 41st Governor of Minnesota.

Q: What is Alex Govan?
A: Alexander "Alex" Govan (16 June 1929&nbsp;– 10 June 2016) was a Scottish professional footballer.

Q: What is Dampvalley-Saint-Pancras?
A: Dampvalley-Saint-Pancras is a commune.

Q: What is Cuentos del Sil?
A: Cuentos del Sil (Tales of the Sil) is a Leonese language book written by nine leonese language writers.

Q: What is Fox and His Friends?
A: Fox and His Friends (), also known as Fist-Right of Freedom, is a 1975 German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder (who also stars) and also starring Karlheinz Böhm, Harry Baer, Adrian Hoven, Ulla Jacobsson, Christane Maybach, Kurt Raab, Walter Sedlmayr, Rudolf Lenz.

Q: What is Justice (disambiguation)?
A: Justice is the morally fair treatment of people and things.

Q: What is Directed-energy weapon?
A: A directed-energy weapon is a weapon used from a distance that damages the target with focused energy.

Q: What is Windows 1.0?
A: Windows 1.0 is a graphical personal computer operating environment developed by Microsoft.

Q: What is John Walton (actor)?
A: John Walton (1953 – 17 July 2014) was an Australian actor.

Q: What is Radiation pressure?
A: Radiation pressure is the pressure exerted upon any surface exposed to electromagnetic radiation.

Q: What is Arcana Heart (series)?
A: Arcana Heart (, Arukana Hāto) is a fighting video game series developed by Examu, and published by AQ Interactive.

Q: What is University of Queensland?
A: The University of Queensland (also known as UQ) is a university in southeast Queensland, Australia.

Q: What is Buffer overflow?
A: A buffer overflow is a kind of vulnerability of software.

Q: What is East Kilbride?
A: East Kilbride is a large suburban town in the South Lanarkshire council area of Scotland.

Q: What is One City, Nine Towns?
A: One City, Nine Towns (German: one city, nine places) is an initiative of the city government of Shanghai in 2001.

Q: What is Alamarvdasht?
A: Alamarvdasht () is a city and capital of Alamarvdasht District, in Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.

Q: What is Turbocharger?
A: A turbocharger, or turbo, is a gas compressor.

Q: What is Lavender marriage?
A: The term lavender marriage relates to man-woman marriage which is for purposes of hiding homosexuality.

Q: What is Yours Faithfully?
A: Yours Faithfully is the final studio album as of 2015 by Rebbie Jackson.

Q: What is Opglabbeek?
A: Opglabbeek is a former municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

Q: What is San Piero a Sieve?
A: San Piero a Sieve was a comune in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Q: What is Tyche (planet)?
A: (inset) Tyche is the nickname given to a possible gas giant planet in the Solar System's Oort cloud.

Q: What is Abilene Ruff Riders?
A: The Abilene Ruff Riders are an American football team.

Q: What is The Word (song)?
A: "The Word" is a song by English rock band the Beatles.

Q: What is Rock Falls, Iowa?
A: Rock Falls is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Harry Kewell?
A: Harry Kewell (born 22 September 1978 in Sydney) is a former Australian football player.

Q: What is Randall County, Texas?
A: Randall County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Neil Patrick Harris?
A: Neil Patrick Harris (born June 15, 1973) is an American Golden Globe and Emmy-nominated actor and singer.

Q: What is Sana Amanat?
A: Sana Amanat is an American comic book editor and the Director of Content and Character Development at Pakistani-Hawkeye and Ms.

Q: What is Yves Tumor?
A: Sean Lee Bowie, also known by the stage name Yves Tumor, is an American music maker and music producer.

Q: What is Labégude?
A: Labégude is a town and commune in the Ardèche département, in the southern part of France.

Q: What is Brassac-les-Mines?
A: Brassac-les-Mines is a commune.

Q: What is Laverdines?
A: Laverdines is a former commune.

Q: What is Hewing?
A: hewing a log into a lumber beam In woodworking, hewing is the use of an axe to make a log into lumber.

Q: What is Nelleke Stuy van der Herik?
A: Nelleke “Nel” Dikshoorn-Stuij van den Herik with surname also written as Stuij van den Herik is a former Dutch volleyball player.

Q: What is Tropical Storm Ana (2022)?
A: Moderate Tropical Storm Ana was a deadly tropical cyclone that affected Madagascar and Mozambique.

Q: What is National parks of Fiji?
A: This is a list of national parks of Fiji.

Q: What is Yankee Doodle in Berlin?
A: Yankee Doodle in Berlin is a 1919 American silent World War I comedy movie.

Q: What is Reagan's Neshoba County Fair "states' rights" speech?
A: States' rights was a speech made by President Ronald Reagan in 1980.

Q: What is Tribal chief?
A: A traditional tribal chief is the leader of a tribe, or the head of a tribal form of government.

Q: What is Halloween H20?
A: 20 Years Later: Halloween H20: 20 Years Later is a 1998 American horror thriller movie.

Q: What is Grant Tinker?
A: Grant Almerin Tinker (January 11, 1926 &ndash; November 28, 2016) was an American television producer and executive.

Q: What is TuS Koblenz?
A: The TuS Koblenz is a football club which plays in Germany.

Q: What is Johnson City, Tennessee?
A: Johnson City is a city in Washington, Carter, and Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Q: What is Minardi?
A: Minardi was an automobile racing team and constructor.

Q: What is Whisps?
A: Whisps is an American cheese and snack brand.

Q: What is Zack Snyder's Justice League?
A: Zack Snyder's Justice League, also known as "Snyder Cut", is the director's cut of the 2017 American superhero movie, Justice League.

Q: What is The Byrds?
A: The Byrds were a popular folk rock band, from California.

Q: What is Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer?
A: Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer is an animated movie from 1985.

Q: What is Laconia?
A: Laconia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece.

Q: What is Garland?
A: A garland is a decorative braid, knot or wreath of flowers, leaves, or other material.

Q: What is Kshirodakashayi Vishnu?
A: In Vaishnavism, the Satvata-tantra describes three different forms, or aspects, of Vishnu as Mahavishnu, Garbhodakshayi Vishnu, Kshirodakashayi Vishnu.

Q: What is La Guerra de los Chistes?
A: La Guerra de los Chistes is a Mexican comedy television series that originally aired on TeleHit from May 8, 2008 to May 8, 2017.

Q: What is Nick Galifianakis (politician)?
A: Nick Galifianakis (July 22, 1928 - March 27, 2023) was an American attorney and politician.

Q: What is Keyboardist?
A: A keyboardist is a musician who plays one or more of the musical instruments called keyboard instruments, such as the piano, organ, or electronic synthesizer.

Q: What is Andorra at the Olympics?
A: Andorra at the Olympics is a history which includes 20 games in 25 countries and 50+ athletes.

Q: What is Division of Robertson?
A: The Division of Robertson is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales.

Q: What is Peanut butter sandwich?
A: A peanut butter sandwich is a type of sandwich that has peanut butter, but no jelly.

Q: What is Martin Carthy?
A: Martin Carthy MBE, is an English folk singer and guitarist.

Q: What is Vadim Kapranov?
A: Vadim Kapranov (26 February 1940 &ndash; 4 June 2021) was a Soviet-born Russian basketball player and coach.

Q: What is Wallace de Souza?
A: Wallace de Souza (June 26, 1987 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian volleyball player.

Q: What is 2018 Alabama gubernatorial election?
A: On November 6, 2018 the 2018 Alabama gubernatorial election was held to elect the Governor of Alabama.

Q: What is Eugene V. Debs?
A: Eugene Victor "Gene" Debs (November 5, 1855 – October 20, 1926) was an American union leader, one of the founding members of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW or the Wobblies), and a socialists living in the United States.

Q: What is Stardust We Are?
A: Stardust We Are is the third studio album by Swedish progressive rock band The Flower Kings.

Q: What is Ann Linder?
A: Ann Linder is a retired freestyle swimmer from Sweden.

Q: What is Sushma Swaraj?
A: Sushma Swaraj () (14 February 1952 – 6 August 2019) was an Indian politician and lawyer.

Q: What is La Habra, California?
A: La Habra is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Q: What is Igor Evard?
A: Igor Arkadievich Evard (born January 26, 1963) also known as Evard, Igor Arkadievich is a Russian composer, director, and screenwriter.

Q: What is Brian Johnson?
A: Brian Johnson (born 5 October 1947 in Dunston, Gateshead, England) is an English singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Move Like This?
A: Move Like This is the seventh and final album by American rock band The Cars, released on May 10, 2011 by Concord Music Group.

Q: What is Charlie Krueger?
A: Charles Andrew Krueger (January 28, 1937 – February 5, 2021) was an American professional football player.

Q: What is Cagno?
A: Cagno was a comune in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Q: What is Grabowski (surname)?
A: Grabowski is a Polish surname with forms in various languages.

Q: What is The Tattooist?
A: The Tattooist is a 2007 New Zealand Dutch Singaporean horror movie directed by Peter Burger and starring Jason Behr, Michael Hurst, Timothy Balme, David Fane, Nathaniel Lees, Caroline Cheong, Matthew Ridge, Robbie Magasiva.

Q: What is Kingdom of Bosnia?
A: The Kingdom of Bosnia was a monarchy in the Balkans that existed from 1377 to 1463.

Q: What is Sahih Muslim?
A: Sahih Muslim () is one of the Kutub al-Sittah (six major hadith collections) in Sunni Islam.

Q: What is Phablet?
A: series (Note 10, Note 10+, and Note 10 pictured) A phablet () is a type of mobile device designed to combine the format of smartphones and tablet computers.

Q: What is Leonid Brezhnev?
A: Leonid Illich Brezhnev (19 December 1906 – 10 November 1982) was a leader of the Soviet Union.

Q: What is Jervis Bay Territory?
A: The Jervis Bay Territory is a territory of Australia.

Q: What is Extermination through labor?
A: concentration camp quarry in Upper Austria.

Q: What is Wellington Central (New Zealand electorate)?
A: Wellington Central is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Q: What is Amazing Grace?
A: "Amazing Grace" is a poem written in 1772 by Englishman John Newton.

Q: What is Nax?
A: Nax was a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Q: What is Essen, Belgium?
A: Essen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

Q: What is Social liberalism?
A: Social liberalism also known as left liberalism in Germany, modern liberalism in the United States and new liberalism in the United Kingdom, is a political philosophy and variety of liberalism that endorses a regulated market economy and the expansion of civil and political rights.

Q: What is Lincoln Square, Chicago?
A: Lincoln Square, located on the North Side of the city of Chicago, Illinois, is one of 77 well-defined Chicago community areas.

Q: What is Brumby?
A: Brumbies are feral horses and they eat many types of grasses and plants.

Q: What is Olfen?
A: Olfen is a town in the district of Coesfeld, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Q: What is Mavis Dracula?
A: Mavis Dracula is a fictional character in of the Hotel Transylvania movies.

Q: What is Lima, Ohio?
A: Lima is a city in Allen County, Ohio Professional wrestler Al Snow was born in Lima.

Q: What is Belizean Creole?
A: Kriol is one of the languages spoken in Central America, mainly in Belize.

Q: What is Draco?
A: Draco can mean several things: * Draco, the Latin word for dragon * Draco (constellation) * Draco (genus), a genus of lizards * Draco (lawgiver), the first lawmaker of ancient Athens * Draco GNU/Linux, a Linux distribution * Draco Malfoy, a character in the Harry Potter series of books and movies * Draco, a warlord character in the television series Xena: Warrior Princess.

Q: What is Combined gas law?
A: The combined gas law is a formula about ideal gases.

Q: What is Beşiktaş?
A: in Beşiktaş district Besiktas (Turkish: Beşiktaş) is a district in the European part of İstanbul.

Q: What is Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces?
A: Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a former commune.

Q: What is Diego Placente?
A: Diego Placente (born 24 April 1977) is a former Argentine football player.

Q: What is Ahmad Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah?
A: Ahmad Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah (born 1956) is a Kuwaiti politician and military official.

Q: What is Tiger snake?
A: Not to be confused with the tiger keelback snake The tiger snake (Notechis scutatus) is a venomous species of snake inhabiting Australia and its coastal islands, Tasmania included.

Q: What is Island of stability?
A: The chemical elements beyond lead are radioactive, and they do not have stable isotopes.

Q: What is Robert Leighton (cartoonist)?
A: Robert Leighton is an American cartoonist, writer, artist, puzzle writer, illustrator, and humorist.

Q: What is Gainsborough?
A: Gainsborough is a town and civil parish in West Lindsey, Lincolnshire, England.

Q: What is Thomas Gainsborough?
A: Thomas Gainsborough (14 May 1727 – 2 August 1788) was an 18th-century English portrait and landscape painter.

Q: What is Takayoshi Matsushita?
A: Takayoshi Matsushita is a Japanese archer.

Q: What is Holladay, Tennessee?
A: Holladay is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Benton and Decatur counties in the U.S.

Q: What is LaVan Davis?
A: LaVan Davis (born September 21, 1966) is an American singer, comedian, and actor best known for his starring role as Curtis Payne on the TBS comedy-drama Tyler Perry's House of Payne and on the OWN comedy-drama The Paynes.

Q: What is Faith Evans?
A: Faith Evans (born June 10, 1973 in Lakeland, Florida) is an American R&B singer.

Q: What is Big Bend (Florida)?
A: The Big Bend of Florida, U.S.A., is an informal region of the state.

Q: What is Interstate 40?
A: Interstate 40, or I-40 is an Interstate Highway in the United States.

Q: What is Rabin Koirala?
A: Rabin Koirala is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the CPN (UML).

Q: What is Ray Graves?
A: Samuel Ray Graves (December 31, 1918 &ndash; April 10, 2015) was an American college and professional football player and college football coach.

Q: What is Pinckney's Treaty?
A: Pinckney's Treaty is a treaty between Spain and the United States.

Q: What is Verschoten & Zoon?
A: Verschoten & Zoon is a Belgian sitcom that aired on VTM from August 30, 1999 to June 7, 2007 about Jacques Vermeire goes on a greedy mechanic.

Q: What is Río Pilcomayo National Park?
A: The Río Pilcomayo National Park () is a national park in Formosa, Argentina.

Q: What is Aérospatiale SA-321 Super Frelon?
A: {| |} The Aérospatiale SA-321 Super Frelon is a transport and ASW helicopter designed and built in France.

Q: What is Trumbull, Connecticut?
A: Trumbull is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut.

Q: What is Coast Highway (NCTD station)?
A: The Coast Highway station is a Sprinter light rail station.

Q: What is Government of Singapore?
A: The Government of the Republic of Singapore is stated by the constitution to mean the executive branch of government, which is made up of the President and the Cabinet of Singapore.

Q: What is Shirley Huffman?
A: Shirley Todd Huffman (July 22, 1928 – July 1, 2018) was an American Republican politician.

Q: What is To Be One With You?
A: To Be One with You is the first studio album by Josh Klinghoffer.

Q: What is Elkton, Oregon?
A: Elkton is a city in Douglas County, Oregon, United States.

Q: What is August P. Mardesich?
A: August Paul "Augie" Mardesich (February 11, 1920 &ndash; February 8, 2016) was an American politician from the state of Washington.

Q: What is Rishi?
A: Rishi is a word used in many Hindu scriptures.

Q: What is Tokyo Verdy?
A: is a Japanese professional football club based in Inagi, Tokyo.

Q: What is Othmar Mága?
A: Othmar Mága (10 June 1929 – 28 January 2020) was a Czech-born German conductor.

Q: What is Saint-Léopardin-d'Augy?
A: Saint-Léopardin-d&#39;Augy is a commune.

Q: What is Walter Fillmore?
A: Walter Daniel Fillmore (January 7, 1933 &ndash; June 25, 2017) was an American general officer in the United States Marine Corps.

Q: What is Universal City Station?
A: Universal City Station (ユニバーサルシティ駅, ゆにばーさるしてぃえき) is a railway station of JR West in Konohana-ku, Osaka, Japan.

Q: What is Ken Burns?
A: Kenneth Lauren Burns is an The Civil War (1990), Baseball (1994), Jazz (2001), The War (2007), The National Parks: America's Best Idea (2009), Prohibition (miniseries) Burns was born on July 29, 1953 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York (state).

Q: What is Michael Strauss?
A: Michael Strauss (; 1 May 1934 – 17 October 2020) was a German-born Israeli businessman.

Q: What is Wars (video game series)?
A: Wars (also known as Famicom Wars and Advance Wars) is a video game series made by Nintendo that has appeared on many Nintendo systems starting with the Nintendo Entertainment System.

Q: What is Washington (state)?
A: Washington, officially the State of Washington, is a state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States.

Q: What is Trigonal pyramidal molecular geometry?
A: has trigonal pyramidal molecular geometry.

Q: What is Jean Casimir-Perier?
A: Jean Paul Pierre Casimir-Perier (; 8 November 1847 – 11 March 1907) was a French politician, fifth president of the French Third Republic.

Q: What is Kharibam?
A: Kharibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin.

Q: What is The Story of the Three Bears?
A: "The Story of the Three Bears" is a literary fairy tale.

Q: What is The Birthday Party (1931 movie)?
A: The Birthday Party is a Mickey Mouse short animated film first released on January 2, 1931, as part of the Mickey Mouse (film series).

Q: What is Kirov, Kirov Oblast?
A: Kirov () is a city in and the capital of Kirov Oblast in Russia.

Q: What is National Youth Theatre?
A: The National Youth Theatre (often called NYT) is a national non-profit organisation based in London.

Q: What is Reptile?
A: Reptile is the common name for one of the main groups of land vertebrates.

Q: What is Nikki Sinclaire?
A: Nicole "Nikki" Sinclaire (born 26 July 1968) is a British politician.

Q: What is Ottmar Hitzfeld?
A: Ottmar Hitzfeld (born 12 January 1949) is a former German football player and football manager.

Q: What is Finnish Maiden?
A: Finnish Maiden is a personification of Finland.

Q: What is Title IX?
A: Title IX (pronounced "title nine") is a portion of the United States Education Amendments of 1972.

Q: What is New Taipei City?
A: New Taipei City () is a city in northern Taiwan.

Q: What is Amir Tataloo?
A: Amir Tataloo (), is an Iranian singer-songwriter and rapper.

Q: What is Bachelor Mother?
A: Bachelor Mother is a 1939 American romantic comedy movie directed by Garson Kanin and was remake of the 1935 Austrian Hungarian movie Little Monster.

Q: What is Ouija board?
A: The Ouija (pronounced wee-jee or wee-jah) is a game board plank in the shape of an upside-down heart.

Q: What is Étienne Mougeotte?
A: Étienne Mougeotte (4 March 1940 – 7 October 2021) was a French journalist and media director.

Q: What is GMC Terrain?
A: The GMC Terrain is a four-door crossover SUV.

Q: What is Glenda Jackson?
A: Glenda May Jackson CBE (9 May 1936 – 15 June 2023) was an English actress turned politician.

Q: What is Love Is All You Need?
A: Love Is All You Need (, Lit.: The Bald Hairdresser) is a 2012 Danish Swedish French Italian German romantic comedy movie directed by Susanne Bier and starring Pierce Brosnan, Trine Dyrholm, Kim Bodnia, Paprika Steen, Micky Skeel Hansen, Line Kruse and Bodil Jørgensen.

Q: What is Avialae?
A: Avialae is a term for birds and their immediate extinct ancestors.

Q: What is A Thousand Suns?
A: A Thousand Suns is the fourth studio album by American rock band Linkin Park.

Q: What is Fitness Boxing?
A: Fitness Boxing is an exergaming video game developed by Rocket Company and Imagineer, and also published Worldwide by Nintendo.

Q: What is Telephone?
A: A telephone, also known as a phone, is a communication tool.

Q: What is Volkswagen T-Roc?
A: The Volkswagen T-Roc is a SUV made by Volkswagen, a German company.

Q: What is Armin Mohler?
A: Armin Mohler (April 12, 1920 – July 4, 2003) was a Swiss right-wing thinker and journalist, known for his writings on the Conservative Revolution.

Q: What is Agostino Gambino?
A: Agostino Gambino (6 July 1933 – 2 October 2021) was an Italian jurist and politician.

Q: What is Kārlis Lasmanis?
A: Kārlis Lasmanis is a basketball player from Latvia.

Q: What is Dan Hicks (actor)?
A: Dan Hicks (July 19, 1951 &ndash; June 30, 2020) was an Intruder.

Q: What is Mamou Region?
A: Mamou is a region in the center of Guinea.

Q: What is Nièvre?
A: Nièvre is a department in the centre of France, in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

Q: What is House of Cards (American TV series)?
A: House of Cards is an American political thriller streaming television series created by Beau Willimon for Netflix.

Q: What is Baskarp?
A: Baskarp is a minor locality in Habo Municipality, in the county of Jönköping in Sweden.

Q: What is Chang Taek-sang?
A: Jang Taek-Sang (장택상, 1893–1969) was a Korean nationalist politician.

Q: What is Petah Tikva?
A: Petah Tikva (, , meaning opening of hope; other spellings: Petah Tiqwa (official) and Petach Tikvah (unofficial)) is a city in western Israel.

Q: What is Huambo Province?
A: Huambo is a province of Angola.

Q: What is Alexine Tinne?
A: Alexandrine Pieternella Françoise Tinne, called Alexine Tinne (October 17, 1835 – August 1, 1869) was a Dutch explorer.

Q: What is Culture jamming?
A: Culture jamming is a tactic by consumer social movements to either disrupt or subvert mainstream cultural institutions.

Q: What is Louroux-Hodement?
A: Louroux-Hodement is a former commune in the Allier department in central France.

Q: What is 3D Maze?
A: 3D Maze is the name used for a screensaver made in OpenGL that was in Microsoft Windows from Windows 95 to Windows ME.

Q: What is McMinn County, Tennessee?
A: McMinn County is a county located in the U.S.

Q: What is WAGR S class?
A: The WAGR S class were a total of 10 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1943 to 1972.

Q: What is M4 carbine?
A: The M4 carbine is a direct impingement, select fire carbine, chambered in 5.56 NATO.

Q: What is Duval County?
A: Duval County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Duval County, Florida * Duval County, Texas.

Q: What is Hot desert climate?
A: A hot desert climate is a type of arid climate that has extremely low precipitation.

Q: What is The Philadelphia Story?
A: The Philadelphia Story is a 1940 American romantic comedy movie directed by George Cukor and was based on the 1939 play of the same name by Philip Barry.

Q: What is Montresta?
A: Montresta (Montrèsta) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is IND Crosstown Line?
A: The IND Crosstown Line is one of the lines of the New York City Subway.

Q: What is Anthelmintic?
A: on Heligmosomoides bakeri Antihelmintics are a group of drugs that are used against parasitic worms.

Q: What is Främmestads IK?
A: Främmestads IK is a sports club in Främmestad in Sweden.

Q: What is The Observer?
A: The Observer is a British newspaper published on Sundays.

Q: What is Sydney Harbour National Park?
A: The Sydney Harbour National Park is a national park in the Australian state of New South Wales.

Q: What is Acqui Terme?
A: Acqui Terme is an Italian city in Piedmont.

Q: What is TVOKids?
A: TVOKids (stylized as tvokids) is the brand for most of the children's programming aired by TVO (formerly TVOntario) in Canada.

Q: What is Jamie Benn?
A: Jamie Benn (born July 18, 1989 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger .

Q: What is Lesser Sunda Islands?
A: The Lesser Sunda Islands (or Nusa Tenggara) are a group of islands in southern Southeast Asia, north of Australia.

Q: What is Vladimir Jugović?
A: Vladimir Jugović (born 30 August 1969) is a former Serbian football player.

Q: What is Kali Linux?
A: Kali Linux is a Linux distribution, designed for people who want to test and improve computer security, also known as ethical hacking.

Q: What is Mantorville, Minnesota?
A: Mantorville is the county seat of Dodge County, Minnesota, United States.

Q: What is Michaela Jaé Rodriguez?
A: Michaela Antonia Jaé Rodriguez (born January 7, 1991), known professionally as Michaela Jaé Rodriguez and formerly as Mj Rodriguez, is an American actress and singer.

Q: What is The Muppet Christmas Carol?
A: The Muppet Christmas Carol is a 1992 American musical-comedy movie based on Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol.

Q: What is You Stole the Sun from My Heart?
A: "You Stole the Sun from My Heart" is a 1999 song by Welsh rock band Manic Street Preachers and is the third single from their fifth studio album This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours.

Q: What is Greenfield, California?
A: Greenfield is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

Q: What is Mihai Romilă?
A: Mihai Romilă (1 October 1950 – 27 June 2020) was a Romanian football midfielder.

Q: What is Annonay?
A: Annonay is a town and commune in the north part of the Ardèche department of France.

Q: What is Mount Ruapehu?
A: Mount Ruapehu is an active volcano on North Island, New Zealand.

Q: What is Boyko Borisov?
A: Boyko Metodiev Borisov (born 13 June 1959) was the Prime minister of Bulgaria.

Q: What is Neukölln?
A: Neukölln is a borough of Berlin.

Q: What is Trams in Luxembourg?
A: Trams in Luxembourg operated between 1875 and 1964 as well as from 2017 onwards.

Q: What is Bacteroides stercoris?
A: Bacteroides stercoris is a rod-shaped bacterium often found in the human intestines.

Q: What is Peter Montgomery (mathematician)?
A: Peter Lawrence Montgomery (September 25, 1947 – February 18, 2020) was an American mathematician.

Q: What is 1190s?
A: The 1190s was a decade that began on 1 January 1190 and ended on 31 December 1199.

Q: What is Official?
A: An official (and, or, functionary) is someone who holds an office (meaning an official position) in an organisation or government.

Q: What is Habsburg Netherlands?
A: Habsburg Netherlands was the part of the Low Countries ruled by the House of Habsburg.

Q: What is African bush elephant?
A: The African bush elephant (Loxodonta africana) is the larger of the two species of African elephant.

Q: What is Revelations?
A: Revelations () is an upcoming South Korean thriller film written and directed by Yeon Sang-ho with , based on their own webtoon of the same name.

Q: What is Daisuke Tanaka?
A: Daisuke Tanaka (born 6 January 1983) is a Japanese football player.

Q: What is List of MeSH codes (F01)?
A: The following is a partial list of the "F" codes for Medical Subject Headings (MeSH), as defined by the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM).

Q: What is Joseph Cook?
A: Sir Joseph Cook (7 December 1860 – 30 July 1947) was the sixth Prime Minister of Australia from June 1913 until September 1914.

Q: What is Ulmaceae?
A: Ulmaceae is a family of flowering plants that includes the elms (genus Ulmus), and the zelkovas (genus Zelkova).

Q: What is Langara–49th Avenue station?
A: Langara–49th Avenue is a train station in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Q: What is Memoization?
A: Memoization (or memoisation) is a technique from computer programming to optimize a computer program.

Q: What is Djibouti (city)?
A: The city of Djibouti is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Djibouti.

Q: What is Mohammad Afzal Cheema?
A: Mohammad Afzal Cheema (; 1913 – 4 August 2008) was a Pakistani politician and judge.

Q: What is Abu Zakariya Yahya?
A: Abu Zakariya Yahya is known as the founder of the Hafsid dynasty in Ifriqiya.

Q: What is Barium chlorate?
A: Barium chlorate is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Deanna Durbin?
A: Edna Mae Durbin, known as Deanna Durbin (December 4, 1921 &ndash; April 17, 2013), was a Canadian actress and singer.

Q: What is Hector (cloud)?
A: in Darwin looking northwest at a distance of approximately Hector is a cluster of thunderstorms that forms every afternoon on the Tiwi Islands in Australia from September to March every year.

Q: What is Prince Oscar, Duke of Skåne?
A: Prince Oscar, Duke of Skåne (Oscar Carl Olof; born 2 March 2016) is the second child and only son of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden.

Q: What is I Love You, California?
A: "I love you, California" is the state song of California.

Q: What is Jenny Hanley?
A: Hanley is the daughter of actors Dinah Sheridan and Jimmy Hanley.

Q: What is Hubert Reeves?
A: Hubert Reeves (July 13, 1932 – October 13, 2023) was a Canadian astrophysicist and popularizer of science.

Q: What is Grace Under Fire?
A: Grace Under Fire was an American television sitcom which aired on ABC between 1993 and 1998.

Q: What is Olli Lehtinen?
A: Olli Lehtinen was a boxer from Finland.

Q: What is List of Indian state vegetables?
A: India, officially the Republic of India is a country in South Asia, consisting of 28 states and eight union territories.

Q: What is Brenda K. Starr?
A: Brenda Joy Kaplan (born October 14, 1966), known by her stage name Brenda K.

Q: What is Ahlsdorf?
A: Ahlsdorf is a municipality in the district Mansfeld-Südharz, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

Q: What is Abbreviations used in cricket?
A: This is a list of abbreviations that are commonly used in cricket media, typically by the Playfair Cricket Annual.

Q: What is Oresteia (Xenakis)?
A: Oresteia is a Greek opera by Iannis Xenakis made in 1965 and 1966.

Q: What is Linear B?
A: Linear B is an ancient script that was used to write Mycenaean Greek, the oldest known form of Ancient Greek, as has been proved by Michael Ventris in the early 1950s.

Q: What is Oyster card?
A: The Oyster card is a form of electronic ticketing used on public transport services within London.

Q: What is Roentgen equivalent man?
A: Roentgen equivalent man is an old unit that is used for measuring exposure to radiation.

Q: What is The Bush (Alaska)?
A: on Little Diomede Island, one of the more extreme examples of communities located in the Bush The Bush is a term for the portions of Alaska that are not connected to North America's road network.

Q: What is Etterbeek?
A: Etterbeek is a municipality in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.

Q: What is Astaffort?
A: Astaffort is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwestern France.

Q: What is Lincoln, New Zealand?
A: Lincoln is a town in the Selwyn District of the South Island.

Q: What is Meade County?
A: Meade County is the name of three counties in the United States: * Meade County, Kansas * Meade County, Kentucky * Meade County, South Dakota.

Q: What is Castell de l'Areny?
A: Castell de l'Areny is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Q: What is Sylvia Anderson?
A: Sylvia Anderson (27 March 1927 – 16 March 2016) was a British producer and actress.

Q: What is Depolarizer?
A: A depolarizer or depolariser is a substance used in a primary cell to prevent buildup of hydrogen gas bubbles.

Q: What is Girl Guides?
A: Today, about 10 million girls around the world are in an organization called Girl Guides.

Q: What is Óscar Chávez?
A: Óscar Chávez (20 March 1935 – 30 April 2020) was a Mexican singer-songwriter and actor.

Q: What is Stealing Harvard?
A: Stealing Harvard is a 2002 American criminal comedy movie.

Q: What is My Favorite Year?
A: My Favorite Year is an American comedy movie.

Q: What is Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford?
A: Christ Church Cathedral is the cathedral of the diocese of Oxford, which includes the City of Oxford and the surrounding countryside as far north as Banbury.

Q: What is Mortice and tenon?
A: A mortice (or mortise) and tenon joint is a type of joint that connects two pieces of wood or other material.

Q: What is Breaking and Entering (movie)?
A: Breaking and Entering is a 2006 British American romantic crime drama movie directed by Anthony Minghella and starring Jude Law, Juliette Binoche, Robin Wright, Ray Winstone, Anna Chancellor, Martin Freeman.

Q: What is Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union?
A: The Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union (or Brexit Secretary) was a United Kingdom Cabinet post.

Q: What is Rachel Luttrell?
A: Rachel Luttrell (born 19 January 1971) is an actress.

Q: What is Rudolf II, Holy Roman Emperor?
A: Rudolf II (July 18, 1552 - January 20, 1612) was King of Hungary (as Rudolf, 1572-1608), King of Bohemia (as Rudolf II, 1575-1608/1611), Archduke of Austria (as Rudolf V, 1576-1608), and Holy Roman Emperor (as Rudolf II, 1576-1612).

Q: What is Shambhala?
A: Shambhala is a mythological utopia in the Himalayas, especially in the Chinese province of Tibet or the countries of Nepal or Brunei.

Q: What is Knut (polar bear)?
A: Knut (5 December 2006 – 19 March 2011) was a polar bear who was born in captivity at the Berlin Zoo.

Q: What is Gréasque?
A: Gréasque is a commune of 3,705 people (2004).

Q: What is Fluoridation?
A: Fluoridation is the adding of fluorine compounds (fluorides) to various substances, especially toothpaste and drinking water.

Q: What is WSTRN?
A: WSTRN is an English West London singing group consisting of Akelle Charles, Louis Rei and Haile.

Q: What is Gimpo?
A: Gimpo is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.

Q: What is The Goat Horn?
A: The Goat Horn (, translit.&nbsp;Koziyat rog) is a 1972 Bulgarian drama movie set in 17th century Bulgaria during the Ottoman Empire.

Q: What is Super Metroid?
A: is an adventure video game developed by R&D1 and Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Super NES game console.

Q: What is Mount Roraima?
A: Mount Roraima is the highest of the Pakaraima chain of plateaus in South America.

Q: What is Tron?
A: Uprising: Tron: Uprising is an American animated science-fiction television series from Disney XD.

Q: What is Teide National Park?
A: Teide National Park is the most visited National Park in Spain and also one of the most visited National Parks in the world.

Q: What is Szymon Szurmiej?
A: Szymon Symcha Szurmiej (18 June 1923 &ndash; 16 July 2014) was a Jewish-Polish actor, director, singer, activist and theatre manager.

Q: What is Cervelat?
A: Cervelat, also cervelas, servelat or zervelat, is a sausage produced in Switzerland, France and parts of Germany.

Q: What is R262 (New York City Subway car)?
A: The R262 is a planned subway car model that will enter service on the New York City Subway between 2026 and 2030.

Q: What is Vsauce?
A: Vsauce is a popular YouTube channel and brand, that was created by Michael Stevens.

Q: What is The Man from Nowhere (1961 movie)?
A: The Man from Nowhere () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov.

Q: What is Fargo season 1?
A: The first season of the anthology black comedy–crime drama television series Fargo.

Q: What is España Boulevard?
A: España Boulevard is an important road in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, that has 8 lanes (4 in each direction).

Q: What is Roddy Maude-Roxby?
A: Roderick Anderson "Roddy" Maude-Roxby (born 2 April 1930) is an English actor and comedian.

Q: What is Walden, New York?
A: Walden is the largest of three villages of the Town of Montgomery in Orange County, New York (state).

Q: What is Chicoloapan Municipality?
A: Chicoloapan Municipality is a municipality in the Mexican state of Mexico.

Q: What is Roberto Ojeda?
A: Roberto Ojeda is a rower from Cuba.

Q: What is Michael Prinz von Preußen?
A: Michael Prinz von Preußen (22 March 1940 &ndash; 3 April 2014) or Michael, Prince of Prussia, was a German writer and royalty.

Q: What is Allen Tate?
A: Allen Tate (November 19, 1899 – February 9, 1979), named at birth John Orley Allen Tate, was an American poet, essayist, and critic.

Q: What is Harold Gresley?
A: Harold Gresley (1892 – 1967) was an English artist.

Q: What is They Might Be Giants?
A: They Might Be Giants is an alternative rock band that lives in Brooklyn, New York.

Q: What is Matthew Lewis (actor)?
A: Matthew David Lewis (born 27 June 1989) is an English actor who is well-known for portraying Neville Longbottom in the Harry Potter movies, as well as in other movies and television series.

Q: What is Aghjabadi District?
A: Aghjabadi District () is a raion in central Azerbaijan.

Q: What is Emma Chelius?
A: Emma Chelius is a swimmer from South Africa.

Q: What is Somnath Adhikari?
A: Somnath Adhikari (born 6 January 1951) affectionately known as Pyasi He is a former member of the National Panchayat from 1986 to 1991 and member of Pratinidhi Sabha from 1991 to 1994.

Q: What is Urbain Le Verrier?
A: Urbain Le Verrier (March 11, 1811 – September 23, 1877) was a French astronomer and mathematician specializing in celestial mechanics who was famous for co-discovering the planet, Neptune.

Q: What is Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district?
A: Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district was a district including the city of Pittsburgh and parts of surrounding suburbs.

Q: What is National Taiwan University?
A: National Taiwan University (NTU; ) is a university in Taiwan.

Q: What is Marilyn Waring?
A: Dame Marilyn Joy Waring (born 7 October 1952) is a New Zealand politician, environmentalist and feminist.

Q: What is Josephoartigasia?
A: Josephoartigasia is an extinct genus of giant rodent from the Pliocene.

Q: What is Type design?
A: Type design is the process of creating different styles of letters and symbols used in writing.

Q: What is Zablon Simintov?
A: Zablon Simintov (born 1959) (Dari:زابلون سیمینتوف) (Hebrew:זבלון סימינטוב) (Yiddish:זאַבלאָן סימינטאָוו) (Persian:زابلون سیمینتوف) (Pashto:زابلون سیمینټوف) is an Afghan-Israeli who is a retired businessman who was thought to be the last Jew in Afghanistan until his distant cousin Tova Moradi was discovered in 2021.

Q: What is Cynthia Lummis?
A: Cynthia Marie Lummis Wiederspahn (born September 10, 1954) is an American politician.

Q: What is Leuc?
A: Leuc is a commune of 849 people (2017).

Q: What is Chartres Cathedral?
A: Chartres Cathedral (, Our Lady of Chartres) is a cathedral.

Q: What is House mouse?
A: House mouse (Mus musculus) is the common mouse.

Q: What is Woman in a Hat?
A: Woman in a Hat () is a 1985 Polish drama movie directed by Stanisław Różewicz and starring Hanna Mikuc, Maria Czubasiewicz, Wiesława Mazurkiewicz, Barbara Dziekan, Krzysztof Gosztyla, Tomasz Lengren.

Q: What is Markaryd Municipality?
A: Markaryd Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden.

Q: What is Un ballo in maschera?
A: Un ballo in maschera (A Masked Ball) is an Italian opera in three acts.

Q: What is Adore (album)?
A: Adore is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins.

Q: What is Uttoxeter?
A: Uttoxeter is a small market town and cities of Stoke-on-Trent, Derby and Lichfield.

Q: What is Carrie Johnson?
A: Caroline Louise Bevan Johnson (née Symonds; born 17 March 1988) is a British political activist and conservationist.

Q: What is University of Hartford?
A: The University of Hartford (UHart) is a private university in West Hartford, Connecticut.

Q: What is Nimal Piyatissa?
A: Opanayake Nimal Piyatissa (born 5 January 1968) is a Sri Lankan politician, former provincial minister and Member of Parliament (Sri Lanka).

Q: What is South Africa?
A: South Africa (officially called the Republic of South Africa) is a country in the southern region of Africa.

Q: What is Kakraita (village)?
A: Kakraita also known as Kakrahta is a village in Sikandra block of Agra District of Uttar Pradesh State, India.

Q: What is Saint-Eusèbe-en-Champsaur?
A: Saint-Eusèbe-en-Champsaur is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Q: What is Roger Simons?
A: Roger Simons (1927 – July 2020) was a Belgian journalist, reporter and correspondent.

Q: What is United Nations Secretary-General?
A: The secretary-general of the United Nations (UNSG or UNSECGEN) is the chief administrative officer of the United Nations and head of the United Nations Secretariat, one of the six main parts of the United Nations.

Q: What is Thannhausen?
A: Thannhausen () is a town in Günzburg, in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Aphroditus?
A: of Aphroditus at the Nationalmuseum of Stockholm.

Q: What is Anton Pius Riegel?
A: Anton Pius Riegel (1789-?) was an Austrian architect of the 19th century.

Q: What is Marino, Lazio?
A: Marino is an Italian city in Lazio, on the Alban Hills.

Q: What is Soul music?
A: Soul music is a kind of music that mixes rhythm and blues, gospel music, and pop music.

Q: What is Secret Campus (South Korean TV series)?
A: Secret Campus () is a 2006 South Korean television drama co-written by Yeon Mi-jung and Lee Hae-jung, directed by Lee Chang-yong, and starring Lee Min-ho and Park Bo-young.

Q: What is Ladon (mythology)?
A: In Greek mythology, Ladon () was a dragon who guarded the Garden of the Hesperides.

Q: What is Villeneuve-de-Rivière?
A: Villeneuve-de-Rivière is a commune.

Q: What is Blue Christmas?
A: "Blue Christmas" is a melancholy holiday themed song first recorded under Doye O'Dell around 1948 and made popular via Ernest Tubb in 1949.

Q: What is Sphere?
A: A sphere is a round, three-dimensional shape.

Q: What is Biomass?
A: Biomass is a basic term in ecology, and in the energy production industry.

Q: What is Cheaper by the Dozen (2003 movie)?
A: Cheaper by the Dozen is a 2003 American family comedy movie directed by Shawn Levy.

Q: What is Evolutionary grade?
A: s (i.e., complete monophyletic subtrees).

Q: What is Waitsfield, Vermont?
A: Waitsfield is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Q: What is All-Russian Society of Philatelists?
A: All-Russian Society of Philatelists was a national philatelic organisation in Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.

Q: What is Folks!?
A: Folks! is a 1992 American black comedy movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and stars Tom Selleck, Don Ameche, Anne Jackson, Christine Ebersole, Wendy Crewson, Jon Favreau.

Q: What is Cinderella (1899 movie)?
A: Cinderella () is a 1899 French silent drama movie directed by Georges Méliès and stars Mlle Barral, Bleuette Bernon, and Carmelli.

Q: What is Hartington, Nebraska?
A: Hartington is a city in Nebraska in the United States.

Q: What is The Tragedy of Macbeth (2021 movie)?
A: The Tragedy of Macbeth is a 2021 American historical drama thriller movie written and directed by Joel Coen.

Q: What is Electrical Storm (song)?
A: "Electrical Storm" is a 2002 song by Irish rock group U2 and is the leading single from their second greatest hits album The Best of 1990–2000.

Q: What is Lutz Graf Schwerin von Krosigk?
A: Johann Ludwig "Lutz" Graf Schwerin von Krosigk (22 August 1887 – 4 March 1977) was a German politician.

Q: What is Phoenix Wright?
A: Ace Attorney − Justice for All: Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Justice for All is an adventure game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld.

Q: What is La Fouly?
A: La Fouly is a village of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Q: What is Michael Murphy?
A: Michael George Murphy (born May 5, 1938) is an American movie, stage, voice and television actor who is known for his roles as Yale Pollack in Manhattan and as the Mayor in Batman Returns.

Q: What is Justo Gallego Martínez?
A: Justo Gallego Martínez (20 September 1925 – 28 November 2021), also known as Don Justo, was a Spanish monk.

Q: What is Germain Marc'hadour?
A: Germain Marc'hadour (16 April 1921 – 22 February 2022) was a French Catholic priest.

Q: What is Supreme Director of Chile?
A: The Supreme Director of Chile was the person in charge of Chile's government after its independence from Spain.

Q: What is Betty Metcalf?
A: Elizabeth Metcalf (August 28, 1921 – June 23, 2017) was an American optometrist and former politician in the state of Florida.

Q: What is Motorcycle trials?
A: Motorcycle trials are missions that require motorcycles to host.

Q: What is Bettino Ricasoli?
A: Bettino Ricasoli, 1st Baron Ricasoli, 1st Count of Brolio (29 March 1809 - 23 October 1880) was an Italian politician In the last years of his life he was mayor of Gaiole in Chianti, a small town near Siena.

Q: What is Rahil Azam?
A: Rahil Azam (born 25 September 1981) is an Indian actor and model, who has appeared as Hatim in Hatim, as Nakul in CID, as JD in Tu Aashiqui, as Deputy superintendent of police.

Q: What is Serapis flag?
A: The Serapis flag was a flag designed by Dutch supporters of the American Revolutionary War.

Q: What is Montel Vontavious Porter?
A: Hassan Hamin Assad (born Alvin Antonio Burke Jr.; October 28, 1973) is an American professional wrestler and rapper.

Q: What is Test bay?
A: A test bay is an area used in engineering.

Q: What is Ramna Park?
A: Ramna Park ( Rômna Uddan) is a large park and recreation area situated at the heart of Dhaka, the capital city of Bangladesh.

Q: What is Grand Boulevard, Chicago?
A: Grand Boulevard, located on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is Carla Lane?
A: Carla Lane (1928 &ndash; 31 May 2016) was an English television writer.

Q: What is Thomas Crapper?
A: Thomas Crapper (baptised 28 September 1836, died 27 January 1910) was an English plumber and businessman.

Q: What is Nolan Bushnell?
A: Nolan Bushnell (born February 5, 1943) is an American electrical engineer and entrepreneur.

Q: What is Maya Jribi?
A: Maya Jribi (January 29, 1960&nbsp;– May 19, 2018) was a Tunisian politician.

Q: What is Celeste Maloy?
A: Celeste Maloy (born May 22, 1981) is an American politician and lawyer who is the U.S.

Q: What is Norman Hunter?
A: Norman Hunter (29 October 1943 &ndash; 17 April 2020) was an English former footballer.

Q: What is MxPx?
A: MxPx is an American pop punk band from Bremerton, Washington.

Q: What is Gotham City?
A: , one of the cities in which Gotham City is inspired, along with Detroit and Chicago.

Q: What is Natalie Tran?
A: Natalie Tran (born 24 July 1986) is an Australian vlogger, actress, comedian and writer.

Q: What is Osiris?
A: In Egyptian mythology, Osiris is the god of life, death, the flooding of the Nile, and the afterlife.

Q: What is Agaricus?
A: Agaricus is a genus of mushrooms which includes edible benign and poisonous species, comprising possibly more than 300 species all over the world.

Q: What is All We Know?
A: "All We Know" is a 2006 song by Paramore, off the album All We Know is Falling.

Q: What is Caroline of Ansbach?
A: Caroline of Brandenburg-Ansbach (Wilhelmina Charlotte Caroline; 1 March 1683&nbsp;– 20 November 1737) was the wife of George II of Great Britain.

Q: What is Wallins Creek, Kentucky?
A: Wallins Creek is a city in Harlan County, Kentucky in the United States.

Q: What is Alfred Mayer (politician)?
A: Alfred Mayer (5 March 1936 – 1 March 2022) was an Austrian politician.

Q: What is Black Death?
A: The Black Death (1346-1353) was a pandemic in Europe and Asia during the 14th century.

Q: What is Wasim Sajjad?
A: Wasim Sajjad (born 30 March 1941) was President of Pakistan two times.

Q: What is Hsu Shui-teh?
A: Hsu Shui-teh (; 1 August 1931 &ndash; 31 March 2021) was a Taiwanese politician.

Q: What is Etika?
A: Desmond Daniel Amofah (May 12, 1990 – June 19, 2019), better known online as Etika, was an American YouTuber, live-streamer and model.

Q: What is Colombiers, Cher?
A: Colombiers is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France.

Q: What is Sergio Graziani?
A: Sergio Graziani (10 November 1930 – 25 May 2018) was an Italian actor and voice actor.

Q: What is Henry III, Marquis of Namur?
A: Henry V the Blondell (1216 – 24 December 1281), called the Great, was the Count of Arlonfrom 1226 to his death, lord of Ligny from 1240 to his death, Count of Luxembourg and Laroche from 1247 to his death, and the Marquis of Namur between 1256 and 1264 as Henry III.

Q: What is Multi-instrumentalist?
A: A multi-instrumentalist is a musician who plays two or more musical instruments.

Q: What is Dome A?
A: Dome A, also known as Dome Argus, is the highest ice dome on the East Antarctic Ice Sheet.

Q: What is List of settlements in Hungary?
A: Hungary has 3152 localities as of July 1, 2009.

Q: What is FIFA 19?
A: FIFA 19 is a 2018 association football simulation video game in Electronic Arts' FIFA series created by EA Vancouver and published by Electronic Arts.

Q: What is Larch?
A: Larches are conifers in the genus Larix.

Q: What is Persecution of Christians?
A: family was burned by Hindu nationalists during violence in Orissa, India in 2008.

Q: What is Gilgamesh?
A: Gilgamesh was the semi-mythical fifth king of Uruk, an ancient city-state of Sumer.

Q: What is New Westminster station?
A: New Westminster is a train station in New Westminster, British Columbia.

Q: What is National symbols of San Marino?
A: The National symbols of the Serene Republic of San Marino are the symbols that are used to represent both the divided Sammarinese people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.

Q: What is Puracé National Natural Park?
A: The Puracé National Natural Park () is a national park.

Q: What is John A. Macdonald?
A: Sir John Alexander Macdonald (January 11, 1815 – June 6, 1891) was the first and third Prime Minister of Canada.

Q: What is Lafage?
A: Lafage is a commune of 89 people (2017).

Q: What is Giovanni Battista Pergolesi?
A: Giovanni Battista Pergolesi (January 4, 1710 March 16, 1736) was an Italian baroque composer, violinist, and organist.

Q: What is Isotopes of carbon?
A: Carbon element having same atomic number but different mass number.

Q: What is Tim Brooks (wrestler)?
A: Timothy Paul Brooks (December 4, 1947 &ndash; June 30, 2020) was an American professional wrestler.

Q: What is Rivers Cuomo?
A: Rivers Cuomo (born June 13, 1970) is an American musician.

Q: What is Chromatography?
A: Chromatography is a lab technique that helps scientists separate, identify, and purify the different parts of a mixture.

Q: What is Wamego, Kansas?
A: Wamego is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States.

Q: What is Adamite?
A: Adamite is a mineral that can be either yellow, purple, green, pink, or yellowish-green in color and is made from crystals.

Q: What is Encore Une Fois – The Greatest Hits?
A: Encore Une Fois – The Greatest Hits is the fourth studio album released by German DJ Sash!.

Q: What is Serengeti?
A: with Thomson's Gazelle women The Serengeti (also Seremgeti) is a region of savannah (woodlands and grasslands) in East Africa.

Q: What is Batatais (footballer)?
A: Algisto Lorenzato (May 20, 1910 &ndash; July 16, 1960), is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Patricia Krenwinkel?
A: Patricia Krenwinkel was a member of the Manson Family killers, led by Charles Manson.

Q: What is Brinell scale?
A: The Brinell scale is a measure of hardness in materials.

Q: What is Englisberg?
A: Englisberg was amunicipality in Seftigen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Q: What is GP?
A: GP may refer to the Motion Picture Association of America film rating system or to General practitioner.

Q: What is Tornado Alley?
A: Tornado Alley is a colloquial term most often used to refer to the area of the United States in which tornadoes happen more than in any other part of the country.

Q: What is 2025 Nepalese Gen Z protests?
A: In September 2025, massive protests, commonly known as the Gen Z protests took place across Nepal, mainly organized by students and young citizens.

Q: What is Lake Isabella, California?
A: Lake Isabella is a census-designated place near southern Sierra Nevada, Kern County, California.

Q: What is Erysimum caboverdeanum?
A: Erysimum caboverdeanum is a plant species that belongs to the Brassicaceae family, the cabbage or mustard family.

Q: What is 2010 Brazilian general election?
A: General elections were held in Brazil on 3 October 2010 to elect the president, National Congress and state governors.

Q: What is Teen Choice Awards?
A: The Teen Choice Awards is an awards show presented annually by FOX.

Q: What is WFAA?
A: WFAA (channel 8) is a television station licensed to Dallas, Texas, United States.

Q: What is Middle class?
A: The Middle class describes people who are not aristocrats/upper class nor working class or underclass but have a fair standard of living.

Q: What is Castillon-en-Auge?
A: Castillon-en-Auge is a commune.

Q: What is 1984 Canadian federal election?
A: The 1984 Canadian federal election was held on September 4 of that year to elect members of the House of Commons of Canada of the 33rd Parliament of Canada.

Q: What is Javan trogon?
A: The Javan trogon (Apalharpactes reinwardtii) is a bird species in the family Trogonidae.

Q: What is Washing Machine (album)?
A: Washing Machine is the 9th album by Sonic Youth.

Q: What is Outi Ojala?
A: Outi Marjatta Ojala (28 June 1946 – 16 May 2017) was a Finnish politician of the Left Alliance.

Q: What is Zhu Yu (footballer)?
A: Zhu Yu ()is a Chinese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Wuhan Jianghan University.

Q: What is Robert Pine?
A: Robert Pine (born Granville Whitelaw Pine, July 10, 1941) is an American actor.

Q: What is Aurangzeb Khan?
A: Sardar Aurangzeb Khan (1899-1965) was a politician from Dera Ismail Khan district of NWFP, British India.

Q: What is Oulainen?
A: Oulainen is a town in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland.

Q: What is Morristown, Vermont?
A: Morristown is a town in Lamoille County, in the U.S.

Q: What is Ambato, Ecuador?
A: Ambato (; full form, San Juan de Ambato; Quechua: Ampatu Llaqta) is a city located in the central Andean valley of Ecuador.

Q: What is Fort Recovery, Ohio?
A: Fort Recovery is a village in Mercer County, Ohio, United States.

Q: What is What Happens in Vegas?
A: What Happens in Vegas is a 2008 American romantic comedy movie directed by Tom Vaughan and written by Dana Fox.

Q: What is The Tremeloes?
A: The Tremeloes are an English beat group founded in 1958 in Dagenham, Essex.

Q: What is Clark Gillies?
A: Clark "Jethro" Gillies (April 7, 1954 – January 21, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player.

Q: What is Marketing?
A: Marketing is an activity that connects producers with customers.

Q: What is Doraemon no Uta?
A: Doraemon no Uta (ドラえもんのうた, lit.

Q: What is You Make It Feel Like Christmas?
A: You Make It Feel Like Christmas is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani.

Q: What is Erie Canal?
A: The Erie Canal is a canal in New York State.

Q: What is FLAC?
A: FLAC (which stands for Free Lossless Audio Codec) is a way to code audio files.

Q: What is Potassium manganate?
A: Potassium manganate is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Granollers?
A: Granollers is a municipality of 129,749 people (2021).

Q: What is Phil Hill?
A: at the 1991 United States Grand Prix Philip Toll Hill, Jr., (April 20, 1927 – August 28, 2008) was an American automobile racer and the only American-born driver to win the Formula One World Drivers' Championship.

Q: What is Free Peru?
A: Free Peru, officially the Free Peru National Political Party (Spanish: Perú Libre) is a socialist political party in Peru.

Q: What is Isono Shrine?
A: Isono Shrine, also known as Isono Shrine, is a Shinto shrine located in Nakano, Saijo City, Ehime Prefecture.

Q: What is Mario and Donkey Kong?
A: Minis on the Move: Mario and Donkey Kong: Minis on the Move is a puzzle video game for the Nintendo 3DS game console.

Q: What is List of topics considered to be pseudoscience?
A: This is a list of topics that have been characterized as pseudoscience by some scientists and researchers.

Q: What is Lacaille 9352?
A: Lacaille 9352 is a red dwarf star in the southern constellation of Piscis Austrinus.

Q: What is Task parallelism?
A: Task parallelism (also known as Thread level parallelism, function parallelism and control parallelism) is a form of parallel computing for multiple processors using a technique for distributing execution of processes and threads across different parallel processor nodes.

Q: What is Tethys Ocean?
A: into two supercontinents, Laurasia and Gondwana.

Q: What is Jenison, Michigan?
A: Jenison is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ottawa County, Michigan.

Q: What is Battlefield 1?
A: Battlefield 1 is a first-person shooter video game made by EA DICE and published by EA.

Q: What is Mandarin orange?
A: The Mandarin orange, also known as the mandarin or mandarine (both lower-case), is a small citrus tree (Citrus reticulata) with fruit that looks like other oranges.

Q: What is Milk Duds?
A: Milk Duds are a brand of candies made with chocolate.

Q: What is On the Beach (Chris Rea song)?
A: "On the Beach" is a 1986 song by English singer Chris Rea and is the second single from his eighth studio album On the Beach.

Q: What is Shakira videography?
A: press conference This is a list of performances by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira in the media.

Q: What is Bernie Wrightson?
A: Bernard Albert "Bernie" Wrightson (October 27, 1948 – March 18, 2017) was an American artist.

Q: What is Second derivative?
A: In physics and mathematics (particularly in differential calculus), the second derivative is the derivative of the derivative of a function, say f(x).

Q: What is Uetersen?
A: Uetersen () is a small city in the district of Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Q: What is Elena Richter?
A: Elena Richter is a retired archer from Germany.

Q: What is Mechanism?
A: A mechanism is a mechanical device for doing something.

Q: What is Janice Dickinson?
A: Janice Doreen Dickinson (who was born on February 15, 1955) is an American model who was very popular in 1970s and 1980s.

Q: What is We Can't Dance?
A: We Can't Dance is the fourteenth studio album by English progressive rock band Genesis.

Q: What is Morganucodon?
A: Morganucodon is an early mammaliaform genus.p79 It lived during the latest Upper Triassic or earliest Jurassic.p299 Unlike many other early mammals, Morganucodon is known from abundant and well preserved material.

Q: What is Overclocking?
A: Overclocking is the process of configuring a computer processor or other electronic circuit to run faster than it was designed to.

Q: What is Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes?
A: Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes (born 22 February 1966) is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Calendar?
A: A calendar is a tool for organizing days.

Q: What is Thomas Wolfe?
A: Thomas Clayton Wolfe (October 3, 1900 – September 15, 1938) was an American writer from North Carolina.

Q: What is Lousigam?
A: Lousigam (Lousikam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin.

Q: What is Oversimplification?
A: A design choice usually made by companies that involves making the front-end UI overly simple and very modernized.

Q: What is Port of Kaohsiung?
A: The Port of Kaohsiung is the largest port in Taiwan.

Q: What is Oder?
A: The Oder River (; Czech/) is a river in Central Europe.

Q: What is Karun Chandhok?
A: Karun Chandhok (born 19 January 1984 in Chennai) is an Indian racing driver.

Q: What is Visual kei?
A: of visual kei band Malice Mizer Visual kei (aka visual rock) is a Japanese musical style that started in the late 1980s.

Q: What is Hemorrhage (In My Hands)?
A: "Hemorrhage (In My Hands)" is a song by American hard rock band Fuel.

Q: What is Hugo Black?
A: Hugo LaFayette Black (February 27, 1886 – September 25, 1971) was an American judge, politician, and anti-Catholic activist.

Q: What is Water on Mars?
A: There is less water on Mars compared to Earth.

Q: What is The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (1939 movie)?
A: The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a 1939 American mystery movie directed by Alfred L.

Q: What is Limnomedusa macroglossa?
A: The rapids frog (Limnomedusa macroglossa) is a frog.

Q: What is Shandong Provincial Museum of Geology?
A: Shandong Provincial Museum of Geology is a geology museum in the Jinan, Shandong province, China.

Q: What is Socorro, Texas?
A: Socorro is a city in El Paso County, Texas, in the United States.

Q: What is Henry Morgan?
A: Sir Henry Morgan (24 January 1635 - 25 August 1688) was a Welsh privateer, plantation owner, and, later, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica.

Q: What is President of the United States of America (disambiguation)?
A: President of the United States (of America) is the head of state and leader of the government of the United States of America.

Q: What is New Blood Rising?
A: New Blood Rising was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Championship Wrestling (WCW).

Q: What is Camilla and Rebecca Rosso?
A: Camilla Rosso and Rebecca Rosso (born 6 July 1994 in Wimbledon, London, England) are identical twin actresses.

Q: What is Terrell Suggs?
A: Terrell Raymonn Suggs (born June 11, 1982 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American former professional football outside linebacker.

Q: What is Alain Rey?
A: Alain Rey (; – ) was a French linguist, lexicographer and radio personality.

Q: What is Hiawatha, Iowa?
A: Hiawatha is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Stephen Gately?
A: Stephen Patrick David Gately (17 March 1976 – 10 October 2009) was an Irish pop singer-songwriter, actor and dancer.

Q: What is Günter Meisner?
A: Günter Meisner (18 April 1926 – 5 December 1994) was a German actor.

Q: What is Sears?
A: , Florida|left Sears, Roebuck and Company, usually called Sears, is a department store chain with about 13 stores in the United States, 12 in the mainland United States and 1 in Puerto Rico.

Q: What is Prince Lorenz of Belgium?
A: Prince Lorenz of Belgium, Archduke of Austria-Este (born 16 December 1955) He is a member of the Belgian royal family by his marriage with Princess Astrid of Belgium.

Q: What is College football?
A: College football is American football played by teams of students from different American universities, colleges, and military academies.

Q: What is Grady County?
A: Grady County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Grady County, Georgia * Grady County, Oklahoma.

Q: What is Žigmund Pálffy?
A: Žigmund "Ziggy" Pálffy (born May 5, 1972) is an ethnic Hungarian Slovak professional ice hockey player currently playing for HK 36 Skalica of the Slovak Extraliga.

Q: What is Mehmet Ali Talat?
A: Mehmet Ali Talat (born 6 July 1952) is a Turkish Cypriot politician.

Q: What is Sergio Pitol?
A: Sergio Pitol Deméneghi (18 March 1933 – 12 April 2018) was a Mexican writer, translator and diplomat.

Q: What is Beloved Infidel?
A: Beloved Infidel is a 1959 American biographical drama movie directed by Henry King and was based on the 1957 novel of the same name by Sheilah Graham and Gerold Frank.

Q: What is Giuseppe Meazza?
A: Giuseppe Meazza (23 August 1910 – 21 August 1979) is a former Italian football player.

Q: What is Fantasy football?
A: Fantasy football is a game where people make up "teams" of real American football players and get points for things that these players do in real games.

Q: What is Merab Chigoev?
A: Merab Ilyich Chigoev (; 15 February 1950 &ndash; 9 January 2016) was a South Ossetian politician.

Q: What is Textual criticism?
A: Textual criticism is the study of different copies of books or manuscripts.

Q: What is Rick Jones (voice actor)?
A: Richard "Rick" Jones (born July 5, 1957) is a Canadian director, writer, content developer, Fox, Disney, Universal, Hanna-Barbera, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon, Kids' WB, Alphanim, Cinar and Nelvana.

Q: What is Mercedes Bentso?
A: Mercedes Bentso, full name Linda-Maria Roine, is a Finns The documentary film Never Again (from 2018), about Roine, has Aino Sun as film director.

Q: What is Ebermannstadt?
A: Ebermannstadt is a German town in the district of Forchheim, Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is 1988–90 North American drought?
A: The 1988–90 North American drought was a weather problem that lasted two years.

Q: What is Safien?
A: Safien was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Q: What is To the Victor?
A: To the Victor is a 1948 American romantic drama movie directed by Delmer Daves and starring Dennis Morgan, Viveca Lindfors, Victor Francen, Eduardo Ciannelli, Anthony Caruso, Tom D'Andrea, Dorothy Malone.

Q: What is Lamar County, Mississippi?
A: Lamar County is a county found in the U.S.

Q: What is Japanese annexation of Korea?
A: The Japanese annexation of Korea happened on 29 August 1910.

Q: What is Acetamide?
A: Acetamide is a chemical compound made of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen.

Q: What is The Leeds Studios?
A: The Leeds Studios are a complex of television studios in the Burley area of Leeds, West Yorkshire.

Q: What is Lake Louise (Alberta)?
A: Lake Louise, also called Lake of the Little Fishes by the Stoney Nakota First Nations people, is a glacial lake within Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada.

Q: What is Beach Haven, New Zealand?
A: Beach Haven is a suburb located in the North Shore, Auckland.

Q: What is The Experts (1989 movie)?
A: The Experts is a 1989 American Cold War comedy movie starring John Travolta, Arye Gross and Kelly Preston.

Q: What is Hello I Must Be Going?
A: Hello I Must be Going is a 2012 romantic comedy and drama movie.

Q: What is Mechi Zone?
A: Mechi (), was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal and one of the four zones of Eastern Development Region.

Q: What is Jay Patterson?
A: Jay Patterson (born August 22, 1954) is an American actor.

Q: What is Mary Cheney?
A: Mary Claire Cheney (born March 14, 1969) is an American businesswoman and the younger daughter of former U.S.

Q: What is Saturday Night (Aaron Carter song)?
A: Saturday Night is a single by American pop singer Aaron Carter.

Q: What is Carmine Benincasa?
A: Carmine Benincasa (17 December 1947 &ndash; 3 August 2020) was an Italian art critic, philosopher and editor.

Q: What is Zottegem?
A: Zottegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

Q: What is Rivera (disambiguation)?
A: Rivera is a surname of Spanish beginnings that was the old spelling of ribera, the Spanish word for “riverbank”.

Q: What is John Ericson?
A: John Ericson (sometimes spelled Erickson; September 25, 1926 &ndash; May 3, 2020) was a German-American movie and television actor.

Q: What is Scinax wandae?
A: The Villavicencio snouted tree frog (Scinax wandae) is a frog.

Q: What is Loren Wiseman?
A: Loren Wiseman (March 7, 1951 &ndash; February 14, 2017) was an American wargame and role-playing game designer, game developer and editor.

Q: What is Yonex?
A: () is a Japanese maker of sporting equipment for badminton, golf and tennis, making racquets, clubs, shoes, shuttlecocks, and other equipment for those sports.

Q: What is Älmhult?
A: Älmhult is an urban area in the county of Kronoberg in Sweden.

Q: What is Mikio Hasemoto?
A: Mikio Hasemoto (July 13, 1916-November 29, 1943) was a United States Army soldier.

Q: What is Rensselaer, New York?
A: Rensselaer is a city in Rensselaer County, New York, United States.

Q: What is House of Lorraine?
A: The House of Lorraine was a family who ruled the Duchy of Lorraine in modern day France.

Q: What is Gulfport-Biloxi metropolitan area?
A: highlighting the Gulfport-Biloxi metropolitan area The Gulfport-Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan area in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region that covers four counties – Hancock, Harrison, Jackson, and 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 246,190.

Q: What is Vibration?
A: Vibration means quickly moving back and forth (or up and down) about a point of equilibrium.

Q: What is Studs Terkel?
A: Louis "Studs" Terkel (May 16, 1912 – October 31, 2008) was an American author, historian, actor, and broadcaster who lived in Chicago.

Q: What is Moody Church?
A: The Moody Church (often mistakenly referred to as Moody Memorial Church) is a historic Protestant (Christian) church in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is Kalash people?
A: The Kalash (Nuristani: Kasivo) or Kalasha, are an ethnic group of the Hindu Kush mountain range.

Q: What is Haumont-près-Samogneux?
A: Haumont-près-Samogneux is a commune.

Q: What is Aylesford, Nova Scotia?
A: Aylesford is a farming community in the county of Kings in the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia, Canada.

Q: What is Tab stop?
A: A tab stop is a term used to describe the location the cursor stops after the tab key is pressed.

Q: What is Shots Fired?
A: Shots Fired is an American Television program about someone from the DOJ looking into the Murder of a white teenager by a black policeman and finding out about a conspiracy to hide the murder of a black teenager by a white policeman.

Q: What is Flag of Madrid?
A: The flag of Madrid () is colored Crimson red and the coat of arms in the center.

Q: What is Premarital sex?
A: Premarital sex is sexual activity performed by people before they're married.

Q: What is Inder Singh (footballer)?
A: Inder Singh (born 23 December 1943) is an Indian former football player and captain, manager and administrator.

Q: What is Mercury chloride?
A: Mercury chloride can refer to either of the following chemical compounds: *Mercury(I) chloride, less toxic, insoluble *Mercury(II) chloride, more toxic, soluble.

Q: What is 2016 southern Taiwan earthquake?
A: The 2016 southern Taiwan earthquake happened in Taiwan on 6 February 2016.

Q: What is New York City English?
A: New York City English (also called New York English) is a regional dialect of American English.

Q: What is Hardcore (movie)?
A: Hardcore is a 1979 American crime drama movie directed by Paul Schrader and starring George C.

Q: What is Prime Minister of Croatia?
A: The Prime Minister of Croatia (), officially the President of the Government of the Republic of Croatia (), is Croatia's head of government, and is the de facto the most powerful and influential state officeholder in the Croatian government.

Q: What is Tony Hoar?
A: Tony Hoar (10 February 1932 &ndash; 5 October 2019) was a British England in the road race at the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Vancouver, Canada.

Q: What is Dorris, California?
A: Dorris is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Q: What is Spider-Man (2018 video game)?
A: Marvel's Spider-Man is a video game released in 2018.

Q: What is Dornbirn?
A: Dornbirn is the largest city in Vorarlberg, Austria.

Q: What is Julio Grondona?
A: Julio Humberto Grondona (September 18, 1931 – July 30, 2014) was an Argentine football executive.

Q: What is Hancock County, Illinois?
A: Hancock County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Corsac fox?
A: The corsac fox (Vulpes corsac), also known as the steppe fox, is a medium-sized Asiatic fox species.

Q: What is Arizona Colt Returns?
A: Arizona Colt Returns () is a 1970 Italian Spanish western movie directed by first time director Sergio Martino and starring Anthony Steffen, Marcella Michelangeli, Aldo Sanbrell.

Q: What is 2025 Somerset–London tornado?
A: During the late-night hours of May 16, 2025, a devastating tornado hit Eastern Kentucky.

Q: What is Peltobatrachus?
A: Peltobatrachus (from Greek pelte, meaning shield and batrakhos, meaning frog) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibians from the late Permian period of Tanzania.

Q: What is NXT TakeOver?
A: NXT TakeOver was a series of professional wrestling pay-per-view and livestreaming shows by WWE produced for their NXT brand.

Q: What is Phillip Wilcher?
A: Phillip Leslie Wilcher (born 16 March 1958) is an Australian pianist and classical music composer.

Q: What is Database administrator?
A: A Database Administrator is someone who is a admin or know's about the database.

Q: What is Carlos, Prince of Asturias?
A: Carlos, Prince of Asturias, also known as Don Carlos (8 July 1545 &ndash; 24 July 1568), was the oldest son of King Philip II of Spain.

Q: What is Seven deadly sins?
A: (1450-1516): The Seven Deadly Sins.

Q: What is Rich McCormick?
A: Richard Dean McCormick (born October 7, 1968) is an American physician and politician.

Q: What is Hazrat Babajan?
A: Hazrat Babajan (1806–1931), birthname Gool Rukh ("like a rose"), was born as a Pathan lady in a noble Muslim family of Balochistan in northern British India Empire (now Pakistan).

Q: What is Johnny Lion?
A: Johnny Lion (born John van Leeuwarden; 4 July 1941 &ndash; 31 January 2019) was a Dutch singer, journalist and actor.

Q: What is Consequence (publication)?
A: Consequence (previously Consequence of Sound) is an independently owned online magazine that features news, editorials, and reviews of music, movies, and television.

Q: What is Flag of Manipur?
A: The Flag of Manipur is the rectangular banner bearing a striated white coloured Pakhangba, an ancient primordial dragon deity of Meitei mythology and religion, at its center.

Q: What is William Wentworth?
A: , 1854) William Charles Wentworth (13 August 1790 – 20 March 1872) was an Australian poet, explorer, journalist and politician.

Q: What is Blasterjaxx?
A: Blasterjaxx is a Dutch DJ and record producer duo, Thom Jongkind (born 1990) and Idir Makhlaf (born 1992).

Q: What is Igbudu Market?
A: Igbudu Market is a local street market along Warri Sapele Road, Warri, Delta State, Nigeria.

Q: What is Plateaux Department (Republic of the Congo)?
A: Plateaux is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the center.

Q: What is La Maddalena?
A: La Maddalena (A Madalèna, Sa Madalèna) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is Azerbaijan Airlines?
A: "Azərbaycan Hava Yolları" ("Azərbaycan Hava Yolları" QSC), Azerbaijan Airlines (AZAL, Azeri: Azərbaycan Hava Yolları), is the flag carrier of Azerbaijan, based in Baku.

Q: What is Player piano?
A: The player piano is a piano with an automatic mechanism so that it can play by itself.

Q: What is Praetor?
A: A praetor was a person who served as a judge in Ancient Rome during the time of the Roman Republic.

Q: What is Bogdan Tuszyński?
A: Bogdan Romuald Tuszyński (4 July 1932 &ndash; 1 January 2017) was a Polish sports journalist, reporter and historian.

Q: What is Simon Boccanegra?
A: Simon Boccanegra is an opera by Giuseppe Verdi.

Q: What is Shrivenham?
A: Shrivenham is a civil parish and village in the Vale of White Horse district of Oxfordshire.

Q: What is Patrick Warburton?
A: Patrick John Warburton (born November 14, 1964) is an American actor and voice artist.

Q: What is Tsurugi Shrine?
A: is a Shinto shrine located in Ninomiya, or a second rank shrine in its province after the Ichinomiya.

Q: What is Salah Nooruddin?
A: Salah Abdulla Nooruddin Nooruddin (; born 1963) is a significant Bahraini businessman and entrepreneur.

Q: What is Grape juice?
A: Grape juice comes from crushing and blending grapes into liquid form.

Q: What is Saul Goodman?
A: James "Jimmy" McGill (business name Saul Goodman) is a fictional character in the TV series Breaking Bad and the protagonist of the spin-off TV series Better Call Saul played by actor Bob Odenkirk.

Q: What is Mayfield Heights, Ohio?
A: Mayfield Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

Q: What is Federico Castelluccio?
A: Federico Castelluccio (born April 29, 1964) is an Italian-born American actor and artist.

Q: What is Browser engine?
A: For computers, a browser engine (also called a layout or rendering engine) is a main part of a web browser that is responsible for showing a web page.

Q: What is Christine Chubbuck?
A: Christine Chubbuck (August 24, 1944 – July 15, 1974) was the host of a morning talk show in Sarasota, Florida.

Q: What is British Rail Classes 371, 381 and 471?
A: Class 371, Class 381 and Class 471 were proposed electric multiple unit classes from the Networker family intended to operate services in the south-east of England.

Q: What is Mangla Dam?
A: The Mangla Dam () in Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan is the twelfth largest dam in the world.

Q: What is West Frisian Wikipedia?
A: The West Frisian Wikipedia () is the West Frisian-language edition of the free online encyclopedia, Wikipedia.

Q: What is Heathrow Terminals 2 & 3 tube station?
A: Heathrow Terminals 2 & 3 is a station of the London Underground.

Q: What is WAGR Ob class?
A: The WAGR Ob class was one experimental steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1923 to 1925.

Q: What is Reggie Bush?
A: Reginald Alfred "Reggie" Bush II (born March 2, 1985) is an American football player for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Cole Palmer?
A: Cole Jermaine Palmer (also known as CP20) (born 6 May 2002) is an English footballer.

Q: What is Bird's eye view?
A: A bird's-eye view is a view of something from above, like from a bird's view.

Q: What is Porto Torres?
A: Porto Torres (Posthudòrra, Portu Tùrre, Poltu Tùrri) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is Villeneuve-de-Marsan?
A: Villeneuve-de-Marsan is a commune.

Q: What is Juan Martín Díez?
A: Juan Martín Díez (1775, Valladolid - 1825) was a Spanish brigadier-general of cavalry.

Q: What is Beto O'Rourke?
A: Robert Francis "Beto" O'Rourke (; born September 26, 1972) is an American politician and businessman.

Q: What is George Pal?
A: George Pal (György Pál Marczincsak, February 1, 1908 &ndash; May 2, 1980) was a Hungarian-American animator, movie director and producer who helped the movie industry grow during the 1950s and 1960s.

Q: What is Jan Topić?
A: Jan Topić (born April 23, 1983) is an Ecuadorian businessman and politician.

Q: What is Castelnaudary?
A: Castelnaudary () is a commune in the Aude department in the Occitanie region in southern France.

Q: What is C++?
A: C++ (pronounced "c plus plus") is a computer programming language based on C.

Q: What is No Stress?
A: "No Stress" is a song by Nigerian singer and songwriter "Bob Essen" with Nigerian record producer "Kourage Beatz NSI" and Nigerian singer "Muyeez" featuring Ghanian singer "Olivetheboy" and Nigerian singer "Poco Lee" released on 24 January 2025, through NSI Nation.

Q: What is OSI model?
A: The Open Systems Interconnection model (OSI model) is a method of thinking of computer networking in terms of abstraction layers.

Q: What is America's Next Top Model, Cycle 19?
A: America's Next Top Model, Cycle 19, called College Edition, is the nineteenth installment of America's Next Top Model.

Q: What is Black Seminoles?
A: The Black Seminoles or Afro-Seminoles are black Indians associated with the Seminole people in Florida and Oklahoma.

Q: What is Peter Bosz?
A: Peter Bosz (born 21 November 1963) is a former Dutch football player.

Q: What is Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls?
A: The Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls (OWLAG) is a boarding school for girls in grades 8–12.

Q: What is 1981 Formula One World Championship?
A: The 1981 Formula One season was the 32nd of the championship.

Q: What is Imperial units?
A: The Imperial units or the Imperial system is a collection of measurement units.

Q: What is John de Mol?
A: Johannes Hendrikus Hubert de Mol Jr.

Q: What is Peada of Mercia?
A: Peada (died 17 April 656) was briefly the King of Mercia.

Q: What is John Kerry?
A: John Forbes Kerry KCMG (born December 11, 1943) is an American politician.

Q: What is Gyposaurus?
A: Gyposaurus (meaning "vulture lizard", referring to the outdated hypothesis that prosauropods were carnivores) is a genus of prosauropod from the early Jurassic of South Africa and China.

Q: What is PASOK?
A: PASOK, the Panhellenic socialist movement, is a social democratic political party in Greece.

Q: What is Bangarra Dance Theatre?
A: Bangarra Dance Theatre is an Australian dance company.

Q: What is Frank White (baseball)?
A: Frank White (born September 4, 1950 in Greenville, Mississippi) is a retired American baseball player and is a former coach of the Kansas City Royals.

Q: What is Nampcelles-la-Cour?
A: Nampcelles-la-Cour is a commune.

Q: What is Cytosol?
A: The cytosol (also known as intracellular fluid (ICF) or cytoplasmic matrix, or groundplasm) is the internal fluid of the cell, and a part of cell metabolism occurs here.

Q: What is Rose Marie?
A: Rose Marie (born Rose Marie Mazzetta; August 15, 1923 – December 28, 2017) was an American actress and comedienne, with a career spanning nine decades.

Q: What is Turn Back Time (Aqua song)?
A: "Turn Back Time" is a 1998 song by Aqua and is the sixth single from their debut studio album Aquarium.

Q: What is Minos?
A: Minos was the mythical first king of Crete, son of Zeus and Europa.

Q: What is Fayetteville, North Carolina?
A: Fayetteville is a large city in southeast North Carolina.

Q: What is Frank Broyles?
A: John Franklin Broyles (December 26, 1924 – August 14, 2017) was an American football player and coach, athletics administrator, and broadcaster.

Q: What is Satish Chandra?
A: Satish Chandra (20 November 1922 – 13 October 2017) was an Indian historian whose main area of specialisation was medieval Indian history.

Q: What is Phosphorus(V) chloride?
A: Phosphorus(V) chloride, also known as phosphorus pentachloride, is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Seizō Fukumoto?
A: (3 February 1943 – 1 January 2021) was a Japanese actor.

Q: What is Julianne Smith?
A: Julianne "Julie" Smith (born 1970) is an American foreign policy advisor and politician.

Q: What is Wedding dress?
A: A wedding dress or wedding gown is the clothing worn by a bride during a wedding ceremony.

Q: What is Linkinhorne?
A: Linkinhorne is a parish and village in southeast Cornwall, United Kingdom.

Q: What is Diego Pérez?
A: Diego Pérez (born 18 May 1980) is an Uruguayan football player.

Q: What is Meitei people in Bangladesh?
A: Meitei people (), also known as Manipuri people (), is one of the minority ethnic groups of Bangladesh.

Q: What is Ahsa?
A: Ahsa may mean: * Al-Ahsa (disambiguation), the Saudi Arabian oasis region (also spelled al-Hasa and Hassa) * the American Horse Shows Association * the American Hunters and Shooters Association * , the Gothic letter a, see Gothic alphabet, Ansuz rune.

Q: What is Gerry and the Pacemakers?
A: Gerry and The Pacemakers were an English rock and roll group during the 1960s.

Q: What is Ghal'eh Dokhtar?
A: in AD 209, before he was finally able to defeat the Parthian empire.

Q: What is Atlantic Records?
A: Atlantic Records (Atlantic Recording Corporation) is a major record label.

Q: What is Denis Norden?
A: Denis Mostyn Norden, CBE (6 February 1922 &ndash; 19 September 2018) was an English comedy writer and television presenter.

Q: What is Somersham?
A: Somersham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England.

Q: What is Marian Jaworski?
A: Marian Franciszek Jaworski (, 21 August 1926 – 5 September 2020) was a Ukrainian-born Polish Cardinal Priest.

Q: What is Aigle?
A: Aigle is the capital of the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Selenium dioxide?
A: Selenium dioxide, also known as selenious oxide, selenous oxide, or selenium(IV) oxide, is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Ricardo Fernández?
A: Ricardo Fernandez Tio (born January 5, 1976 in Castellón) is a goalball athlete from Spain.

Q: What is Kannauj district?
A: Kannauj district is an administrative district in Uttar Pradesh, India.

Q: What is Malakand Division?
A: Malakand Division () was an administrative division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.

Q: What is Prime Minister of the Netherlands Antilles?
A: The prime ministers of the Netherlands Antilles was a political office that existed from 1951 to 2010.

Q: What is Old Gringo?
A: Old Gringo is a 1989 American romantic adventure movie directed by Luis Puenzo and was based on the novel of the same name by Carlos Fuentes.

Q: What is Game Boy Color?
A: The Game Boy Color (often said as GBC) is a handheld video game console manufactured by Nintendo.

Q: What is Sravani Kondapalli?
A: Sravani Kondapalli was a Telugu television actress.

Q: What is Ernst Brenner?
A: Ernst Brenner (9 December 1856 – 11 March 1911) was a Swiss politician.

Q: What is Alfred Poupart?
A: Alfred Poupart was an archer from France.

Q: What is Vladimír Sobotka?
A: Vladimír Sobotka (born July 1, 1986) is a Czech professional ice hockey center.

Q: What is Eddie Tonks?
A: Edward James Tonks ( – 18 October 2020) was a New Zealand businessman and sports administrator.

Q: What is Puurs?
A: Puurs is a former municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

Q: What is Diogenes syndrome?
A: Diogenes syndrome is a behavioral disorder.

Q: What is War Thunder?
A: War Thunder is a free-to-play vehicular combat multiplayer video game developed and published by Gaijin Entertainment.

Q: What is Ginkgo?
A: The ginkgo tree is a genus of trees.

Q: What is Matti Nykänen?
A: Matti Ensio Nykänen (17 July 1963 in Jyväskylä – 4 February 2019 in Lappeenranta) was a Finnish ski jumper and singer.

Q: What is Atlas Mountains?
A: The Atlas Mountains (Mediterranean and Atlantic coastlines from the Sahara Desert.

Q: What is Lists of One Piece episodes?
A: One Piece is an anime television series based on the manga series of the same name.

Q: What is Isoform?
A: A protein isoform is any of several different forms of the same protein.

Q: What is Rockport, Massachusetts?
A: Rockport is a town in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.

Q: What is First War of Scottish Independence?
A: The First War of Scottish Independence lasted from the outbreak of the war in 1296 until 1328.

Q: What is International organization?
A: An international organization is an organization, active in more than one country.

Q: What is Bandar Tun Razak?
A: Bandar Tun Razak is a township and parliamentary constituency in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

Q: What is Dry toilet?
A: A dry toilet is for depositing human excrement without using water, very different from flush toilets that use water.

Q: What is Flag of Estonia?
A: Flag ratio: 7:11 The flag of Estonia has three colours and is made of three equal horizontal bands coloured blue (top), black, and white (bottom).

Q: What is Interstate 469?
A: Interstate 469 (I-469) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S.

Q: What is Oristà?
A: Oristà is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Q: What is Favism?
A: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency (sometimes also called G6PD deficiency, or favism) is a hereditary disease.

Q: What is Polow da Don?
A: Polow-Freache Jamal Fincher Jones (born October 15, 1977 or 1978), known by his professional name Polow da Don, is an American record producer and rapper.

Q: What is Cobar Shire?
A: Cobar Shire is a local government area in the Orana region of New South Wales, Australia.

Q: What is Kristianstad Municipality?
A: Kristianstad Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden.

Q: What is Boisleux-Saint-Marc?
A: Boisleux-Saint-Marc (; ) is a commune.

Q: What is Debra Baptist-Estrada?
A: Debra Baptist-Estrada is a port commander from Belize.

Q: What is Puzhal Lake?
A: Puzhal Lake also known as Red Hills lake is located in Red Hills, Thiruvallur district, Tamil Nadu.

Q: What is Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer?
A: Gustavo Adolfo Domínguez Bastida, better known as Bécquer, (Seville, 17 February 1836 – Madrid, 22 December 1870) was a Spanish post-romanticist writer of poetry and short stories.

Q: What is Fishplate?
A: In rail terminology, a fishplate, splice bar or joint bar is a metal bar that is bolted to the ends of two rails to join them together in a track.

Q: What is Carl Swenson?
A: Carl Swenson is a retired cyclist and cross-country skier from USA.

Q: What is Bill Houlder?
A: William Houlder (born March 11, 1967 in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman.

Q: What is Nika Melia?
A: Nikanor "Nika" Melia (born 21 December 1979) is a Georgian politician.

Q: What is Roy Jacobsen?
A: Roy Jacobsen (26 December 1954 – 18 October 2025) was a Norwegian novelist and short-story writer.

Q: What is The Yeomen of the Guard?
A: The Yeomen of the Guard, or The Merryman and his Maid is an operetta by Gilbert and Sullivan.

Q: What is Hermannsburg, Northern Territory?
A: Hermannsburg is an Aboriginal community in the Northern Territory of Australia.

Q: What is Penrhyn (electorate)?
A: Penrhyn is a electorate of the Cook Islands.

Q: What is Candy?
A: are a type of candy Candy, also called a sweet, is a sweet kind of food that is usually made from sugar and water, with flavors and other ingredients added.

Q: What is Jim Landis?
A: James Henry Landis (March 9, 1934 – October 7, 2017) was an American professional baseball player.

Q: What is Colonization of Mars?
A: The colonization of Mars by humans is an ongoing debate.

Q: What is Salam (surname)?
A: Salam is a Meetei family which has Indian origin.

Q: What is 1977 Chicago Loop derailment?
A: The 1977 Chicago Loop derailment occurred on Friday February 4, 1977, when a Chicago Transit Authority elevated train rear-ended another on the northeast corner of the Chicago Loop at Wabash Avenue and Lake Street during the evening rush hour.

Q: What is History of Uzbekistan?
A: The History of Uzbekistan covers the past of the land that is today Uzbekistan.

Q: What is Datschiburger Kickers?
A: The Datschiburger Kickers are a charity association football team from Augsburg with a changing line-up.

Q: What is MacEwan station?
A: MacEwan station is an LRT station in Edmonton, Alberta.

Q: What is Hochvogel?
A: The Hochvogel is a high mountain in the Allgäu Alps.

Q: What is Iajuddin Ahmed?
A: Iajuddin Ahmed (1 February 193110 December 2012) was a President of Bangladesh.

Q: What is Justin Theroux?
A: Justin Theroux (born August 10, 1971) is an American actor.

Q: What is Kansas in the American Civil War?
A: At the start of the American Civil War, Kansas was a new state.

Q: What is University of Jamestown?
A: The University of Jamestown is a private Christian university in Jamestown, North Dakota, United States.

Q: What is Greet van der Veen?
A: Greet van der Veen is a Dutch water polo player.

Q: What is Red Cross Society of China?
A: The Red Cross Society of China (Chinese: ) (RCSC) is the national Red Cross organization in the People's Republic of China.

Q: What is Storms (Hedley album)?
A: Storms is the fourth studio album by Canadian pop rock band Hedley.

Q: What is Promenade MRT station?
A: Promenade Station (CC4/DT15) is an MRT Station in Singapore.

Q: What is 1930 Women's World Games?
A: The 1930 Women's World Games (Czech and Slovak language The games were organized by the Fédération Sportive Féminine Internationale under Alice Milliat as a response to the International Olympic Committee.

Q: What is Seebensee?
A: The Seebensee is a lake in Austria.

Q: What is 2016–17 UEFA Champions League group stage?
A: The 2016–17 UEFA Champions League group stage started on 13th September and finished on 7th December 2016.

Q: What is Socks (cat)?
A: Socks Clinton (1989 – February 20, 2009) was the pet cat of U.S.

Q: What is Anatoly Malofeyev?
A: Anatoly Alexandrovich Malofeyev (, ; 14 May 1933 &ndash; 19 January 2022) was the first secretary of the Communist Party of Byelorussia In March 1985, Malofeyev became the Minsk regional Communist Party leader.

Q: What is Bernard Horsfall?
A: Bernard Arthur Gordon Horsfall (20 November 1930 – 28 January 2013) was an English actor.

Q: What is Fable?
A: A fable is a type of story which shows something in life or has a meaning to a word.

Q: What is No. 73?
A: No 73, later retitled 7T3, is a British children's television series produced by TVS for the ITV network.

Q: What is Osmosis?
A: Osmosis (/ɒzˈmoʊ.sɪs/) is the movement of solvent (liquid) molecules through a membrane, from one solution to another, which happens without an outside force.

Q: What is R Apodis?
A: R Apodis is a red giant star located in the constellation Apus.

Q: What is Luigi De Magistris (cardinal)?
A: Luigi De Magistris (23 February 1926 &ndash; 16 February 2022) was a Sardinian prelate of the Catholic Church.

Q: What is The Gang's All Here (1943 movie)?
A: The Gang's All Here is a 1943 American musical movie directed by Busby Berkeley and starring Alice Faye, Carmen Miranda, Benny Goodman, Phil Baker, Eugene Pallette, Charlotte Greenwood, Edward Everett Horton.

Q: What is North Eastern Railway (UK)?
A: The North Eastern Railway (NER) was a British railway company.

Q: What is Civil Rights Movement?
A: The Civil Rights Movement was a social movement in the United States that tried to gain equal rights for African Americans that European Americans had.

Q: What is Asson?
A: Asson is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Stanislav Petrov?
A: Stanislav Yevgrafovich Petrov (; 9 September 1939 &ndash; 19 May 2017) was a lieutenant colonel of the Soviet Air Defence Forces.

Q: What is Ali Zeidan?
A: Ali Zeidan (sometimes written as Zidan; ; born 5 December 1950) is a former Prime Minister of Libya.

Q: What is Lee Cockburn?
A: Lee Cockburn (born 17 May 1968) is a Scottish rugby player, police officer, and writer.

Q: What is Rosaly Papadopol?
A: Rosaly Davidman Papadopol (23 February 1956 &ndash; 16 December 2020) was a Brazilian actress.

Q: What is Commutative diagram?
A: Given a number of functions, a commutative diagram shows that in many cases, applying different functions, perhaps in a different order gives the same result; Functions can be chained, Mathematician talk about composing them: That way, it is possible to create a new function, which first applies f, then g, and call it h But h can of course be any other path as well.

Q: What is Transsexual?
A: Transsexual people are people who change their appearance to more closely resemble the sex opposite to the one they had at birth.

Q: What is Evolutionary biology?
A: Evolutionary biology is a subfield of biology that studies how species start and change over time; or in other words, how species evolve.

Q: What is Acidobacteria?
A: The phylum acidobacteria is distributed across nearly all ecosystems.

Q: What is Kenilworth, Illinois?
A: Kenilworth is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States.

Q: What is Bibern, Schaffhausen?
A: Bibern is a former municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Q: What is Charlie O'Donnell?
A: Charles John "Charlie" O'Donnell (August 12, 1932 – November 1, 2010) was an American radio and television announcer.

Q: What is My Friends (Red Hot Chili Peppers song)?
A: "My Friends" is a 1995 song by Red Hot Chili Peppers and is the fourth track from their sixth studio album One Hot Minute.

Q: What is Don't Look Under the Bed?
A: Don't Look Under the Bed is a 1999 American family psychological fantasy horror movie directed by Kenneth Johnson.

Q: What is Yang Xiaobo (Hubei politician)?
A: Yang Xiaobo (January 1963 – January 2020) was a Chinese politician.

Q: What is Hiʻiaka (moon)?
A: ) Hiʻiaka is the larger of two moons that orbit the dwarf planet Haumea, which is further away from the Sun than a Hawaiian goddess.

Q: What is Tar (Linux tool)?
A: tar, short for tape archive, is a Linux utility to compress directories into a single file and then decompress them.

Q: What is Hohmann transfer orbit?
A: In orbital mechanics, a Hohmann transfer orbit moves a spacecraft between orbiting heights.

Q: What is Dikhil Region?
A: The Dikhil Region is a region in southern Djibouti.

Q: What is China?
A: China ( Pinyin: Zhōngguó) is a cultural region, an ancient civilization, and a nation in East Asia.

Q: What is Henry the Navigator?
A: Henry the Navigator was born in 1394 and died in 1460.

Q: What is Alexander von Humboldt?
A: , 1843 Alexander von Humboldt (Berlin, 14 September 1769 – Berlin, 6 May 1859) was a Prussian naturalist and explorer.

Q: What is Dog Day Afternoon?
A: Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American crime drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet, written by Frank Pierson and based on an article from Life magazine.

Q: What is Emilio de Villota?
A: Emilio de Villota Ruíz (born in Madrid, July 26, 1946) is a former racing driver from Spain.

Q: What is Leopold Facco?
A: Leopold Facco (10 November 1907 &ndash; 9 October 1993) was an Austrian footballer.

Q: What is Philipp Grubauer?
A: Philipp Grubauer (born 25 November 1991) is a German professional ice hockey goaltender for the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Nassawadox, Virginia?
A: Nassawadox, Virginia is a town in the U.S.

Q: What is National Assembly (Slovenia)?
A: The National Assembly (, or ; Slovene abbreviation DZ), is the representative democracy It has 90 members, elected for a four-year term.

Q: What is The Garfield Show?
A: The Garfield Show is an animated children's television series.

Q: What is Deaths in April 2019?
A: The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in April 2019.

Q: What is 2025 India–Pakistan diplomatic crisis?
A: On 23 April 2025, a diplomatic crisis started between India and Pakistan after a terrorist attack in Jammu and Kashmir killed 27 people and injured more than 20.

Q: What is Pseudepigrapha?
A: Pseudepigrapha (pseudo = false; graphe = writing) are falsely attributed works.

Q: What is De facto?
A: De facto is a phrase from the Latin language that means "in fact" or "in practice".

Q: What is Foster care?
A: Foster care is a term used to describe when a child is living and looked after by a family which is not their own.

Q: What is Trollhättan Municipality?
A: Trollhättan Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden.

Q: What is Armin Hofmann?
A: Armin Hofmann (HonRDI) (29 June 1920 – 18 December 2020) was a Swiss graphic designer.

Q: What is Sweet Liberty?
A: Sweet Liberty is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Alan Alda (who also stars) and also starring Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Caine, Bob Hoskins, Lise Hilboldt, Lillian Gish, Saul Rubinek.

Q: What is French Civil Aviation University?
A: The French Civil Aviation University (French: École nationale de l'aviation civile), also known as ENAC, is a French public aeronautical grande école.

Q: What is Sidi Bel Abbès Province?
A: Sidi Bel Abbès is one of the provinces of Algeria.

Q: What is Money in the Bank (2011)?
A: Money in the Bank (2011) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE.

Q: What is Callian, Var?
A: Callian is a commune of 3,252 people (2018).

Q: What is Gerald Asamoah?
A: Gerald Asamoah (born October 5, 1978) is a former German football player.

Q: What is Nanni di Banco?
A: Nanni d'Antonio di Banco ( 1384 &ndash; 1421) was a sculptor from Florence.

Q: What is Louis Marie de La Révellière-Lépeaux?
A: Louis Marie de La Révellière-Lépeaux (24 August 1753 – 24 March 1824) was a deputy to the National Convention during the French Revolution.

Q: What is The Heart Part 5?
A: The Heart Part 5 is a song by the rapper Kendrick Lamar.

Q: What is South Cardiff FC?
A: South Cardiff Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Cardiff South, a suburb of Newcastle.

Q: What is Aquarium (group)?
A: Aquarium (Аква́риум in Russian) is a Russian rock band.

Q: What is Jan Góra?
A: Jan Wojciech Góra OP (8 February 1948 &ndash; 21 December 2015) was a Polish Dominican Roman Catholic Priest, Doctor of Theology, academic and chaplain.

Q: What is Chione?
A: Chione/Khione (or Χιόνη)was the goddess of snow in Greek mythology.

Q: What is Susana González?
A: Susana Alejandra González del Río (born on October 2, 1973 in Calera de Víctor Rosales, Zacatecas) is a Mexican actress known for her talent, beauty and docile character.

Q: What is Jean-Pierre Raffarin?
A: Jean-Pierre Raffarin (; born 3 August 1948) is a French politician.

Q: What is Berserk?
A: Berserk (meaning "very angry" or "out of control") may refer to: * Berserk (manga), a 1989 Japanese manga by Kentaro Miura * Berserk!, a 1967 movie starring Joan Crawford and Ty Hardin * "Berzerk" (song), by Eminem from MMLP2 * Apoptygma Berzerk, a Norwegian synthpop band.

Q: What is Essential medicines?
A: The List of Essential Medicines is a listing of drugs compiled by the World Health Organization (WHO).

Q: What is Asia Brewery?
A: Asia Brewery is a brewery founded in 1982 in Makati City, the Philippines.

Q: What is Base pair?
A: In molecular biology, two nucleotides on opposite complementary DNA strands that are connected by hydrogen bonds are called a base pair (often abbreviated bp).

Q: What is Bamingui-Bangoran?
A: Bamingui-Bangoran is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic.

Q: What is Fool, I'm a Woman?
A: "Fool, I'm a Woman" is a 1999 song by country singer Sara Evans and is the third single from second studio album No Place That Far.

Q: What is List of governors of the United States Virgin Islands?
A: The Governor of the United States Virgin Islands is the chief executive of the Government of the Virgin Islands whose responsibilities also include making the annual State of the Territory addresses to the Virgin Islands Legislature.

Q: What is Samantha Barks?
A: Samantha Jane Barks (born 2 October 1990) is a Manx singer and actress who first rose to fame after coming third in the BBC talent show–themed television series movie version of the long-running musical Les Misérables.

Q: What is Diana Nyad?
A: Diana Nyad is an American swimmer.

Q: What is Hercules?
A: The Legendary Journeys (video game): Hercules: The Legendary Journeys is an action adventure video game with Beat 'em up elements that was released on November 17, 1997, on the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color, developed by PS1 and published by Titus Software, based on the television series.

Q: What is Brewing?
A: Brewing is the process of making beer.

Q: What is Michal Kováč?
A: Michal Kováč (5 August 1930 &ndash; 5 October 2016) was a Slovakian politician.

Q: What is Aussurucq?
A: Aussurucq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Baird's tapir?
A: Baird’s tapir (Tapirus bairdii) is a species of tapir native to Central America and northern South America.

Q: What is NHK World-Japan?
A: NHK World-Japan (formerly and also known simply as NHK World) is the international arm of the Japanese public broadcaster NHK.

Q: What is VDL Citea?
A: The VDL Citea is a single-decker city bus.

Q: What is Serge Vohor?
A: Rialuth Serge Vohor (23 April 1955 – 22 November 2024) was a Vanuatuan politician.

Q: What is Lycée Edgar-Poe?
A: The Lycée Edgar-Poe is a private secondary school in Paris in the 10th arrondissement.

Q: What is List of Vissel Kobe players?
A: The List of Vissel Kobe players is evolving.

Q: What is Ula Tirso?
A: Ula Tirso (Ula) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is José Calzada?
A: José Eduardo Calzada Rovirosa (born August 21, 1964) is a Mexican politician.

Q: What is Saint-Aubin-lès-Elbeuf?
A: Saint-Aubin-lès-Elbeuf is a commune.

Q: What is Fulda (disambiguation)?
A: Fulda can mean: *Germany: ** Fulda, a city in Hesse ** Fulda (river), tributary of the Weser ** Fulda (district), in the state of Hesse * United States: ** Fulda, Minnesota.

Q: What is Resident Evil (1996 video game)?
A: Resident Evil, known in Japan as , is a survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom.

Q: What is Frederiksberg?
A: Frederiksberg () is a part of the Capital Region of Denmark.

Q: What is Zamora, Michoacán?
A: Zamora is a city in the Mexican state of Michoacán.

Q: What is Monongalia County, West Virginia?
A: Monongalia County is a county in West Virginia.

Q: What is Ian Van Dahl?
A: Ian Van Dahl is a Belgian vocal trance and eurodance music project created by Christophe Chantzis and Erik Vanspauwen, with first singer Martine Theeuwen (aka Marsha), who also co-wrote and sang the song "Castles in the Sky".

Q: What is Franzbrötchen?
A: Franzbrötchen is a German pastry that is similar to a cinnamon roll.

Q: What is Yuriy Tarnawsky?
A: Yuriy Orest Ivanovych Tarnawsky; February 3, 1934 – October 14, 2025) was a Ukrainian-American writer and linguist.

Q: What is Jonas Salk?
A: Jonas Edward Salk (October 28, 1914 &ndash; June 23, 1995) was an American medical researcher and virologist, best known for his discovery and development of the first successful polio vaccine in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Q: What is British Rail Class 139?
A: Class 139 is the TOPS classification for PPM60 model lightweight railcar units built by Parry People Movers for use on the national rail network in Great Britain.

Q: What is Juan Carlos Altavista?
A: Juan Carlos Altavista (Buenos Aires, January 4, 1929 - July 20, 1989) was an Argentine actor and comedian.

Q: What is Sæhrímnir?
A: In Norse mythology, Sæhrímnir is the name of the pig killed and cooked every night at Valhalla.

Q: What is State University of New York?
A: The State University of New York, abbreviated SUNY (), is a system of public institutions of higher education in Albany (1844), Binghamton (1946), Buffalo (1846), and Stony Brook (1957).

Q: What is Nickelodeon Super Brawl?
A: Nickelodeon Super Brawl is a series of Nickelodeon-themed fighting games.

Q: What is Melilla la Vieja?
A: Melilla la Vieja ("Old Melilla") is the name of a large fortress which stands immediately to the north of the port in Melilla, one of Spain's Plazas de soberanía on the north African coast.

Q: What is Vinnie Vincent?
A: Vinnie Vincent (born Vincent John Cusano; August 6, 1952) is an American guitarist and songwriter.

Q: What is Rhacophorus turpes?
A: The Htingnan flying frog or Htingnan whipping frog (Rhacophorus turpes) is a frog.

Q: What is Malayali?
A: The Malayali people (also spelled Malayalee people) are the native speakers of the Malayalam language.

Q: What is Scientific theory?
A: In everyday speech, the word "theory" is used as a "best guess".

Q: What is Cumulative voting?
A: Cumulative voting is a system for doing an election.

Q: What is Diamond Dogs (song)?
A: "Diamond Dogs" is a 1974 song by David Bowie.

Q: What is Orchid?
A: The orchids are a large family of flowering plants, the Orchidaceae.

Q: What is Ernst Bakker?
A: Ernst Carel Bakker (16 April 1946 in Hellendoorn &ndash; 8 February 2014 in Hilversum) was a Dutch politician of Democrats 66 (D66).

Q: What is Chuck Norris?
A: Carlos Ray "Chuck" Norris (born March 10, 1940) is an American actor, martial artist and celebrity.

Q: What is Petasites?
A: Petasites is a genus of herbs with leaves in the shape of a heart in the family Asteraceae.

Q: What is Tay Bridge disaster?
A: The Tay Bridge disaster was one of the great engineering disasters of the 19th century.

Q: What is Football League First Division?
A: The Football League First Division was a football league.

Q: What is Battle of São Mamede?
A: The Battle of São Mamede (, ) took place on 24 June 1128 near Guimarães and is an important event for the foundation of the Kingdom of Portugal and the battle that helped Portugal's Independence.

Q: What is 1040 Fifth Avenue?
A: 1040 Fifth Avenue (informally known as the 10 40) is a luxury residential housing cooperative in the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.

Q: What is Elliot Moose (TV series)?
A: Elliot Moose is a Canadian children's educational television series.

Q: What is Le Grand, Iowa?
A: Le Grand is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Stepped on My J'z?
A: "Stepped on My J'z" is a 2008 Hip hop/Crunk song by American rapper Nelly.

Q: What is Bangladesh women's cricket team?
A: The Bangladesh Women cricket team, active since 2007, was granted One Day International (ODI) status in 2011.

Q: What is György Rehus-Uzor?
A: György Rehus-Uzor (10 July 1946 &ndash; 20 August 2020) was a Hungarian weightlifter.

Q: What is Surava?
A: Surava was a municipality of the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Q: What is The Philippine Star?
A: The Philippine Star is a daily broadsheet newspaper in the Philippines.

Q: What is Emergency medical dispatcher?
A: An emergency medical dispatcher is a person who answers telephone calls to the emergency medical services and sends out the ambulances.

Q: What is Nigeria, We Hail Thee?
A: Nigeria, We Hail Thee is the national anthem of Nigeria.

Q: What is Hamilton (1998 movie)?
A: Hamilton is a 1998 Swedish Norwegian action movie directed by Harald Zwart and starring Peter Stormare, Lena Olin, Mark Hamill, Mats Långbacka, Terry Carter.

Q: What is Clinton, North Carolina?
A: Clinton is a city in and the county seat of Sampson County, North Carolina, United States.

Q: What is Le Robert?
A: Le Robert is a town and the third-largest commune in the French overseas department of Martinique.

Q: What is Princess Märtha Louise of Norway?
A: Princess Märtha Louise of Norway (born 22 September 1971) is a Norwegian princess.

Q: What is Jacques d'Amboise (dancer)?
A: Jacques d'Amboise (born Joseph Jacques Ahearn, July 28, 1934 – May 2, 2021) was an American ballet dancer, choreographer, actor and educator.

Q: What is Interior design?
A: Dining Hall Art Deco sunburst design above front doors of the Eastern Columbia Building in Los Angeles; built 1930.

Q: What is Won Gyun?
A: General Won Gyun (; 6 January 1540 - 19 June 1597) was a general and politician of the Joseon dynasty.

Q: What is Central Valley?
A: The Central Valley (also called the Great Central Valley) is a very large valley in the middle of California, in the United States.

Q: What is Alireza Firouzja?
A: Alireza Firouzja (born 18 June 2003) is an Iranian-French chess grandmaster.

Q: What is João Félix?
A: João Félix Sequeira (born 10 November 1999) is a Portuguese professional footballer/soccer player.

Q: What is Armi Kuusela?
A: Armi Helena Kuusela (born 20 August 1934) was a Finnish model and beauty queen.

Q: What is UEFA stadium categories?
A: UEFA stadium categories are categories for football stadiums laid out in the UEFA Stadium Infrastructure Regulations.

Q: What is Harvey Glatman?
A: Harvey Murray Glatman (December 10, 1927 – September 18, 1959) was an American serial killer active during the late 1950s.

Q: What is Subgroup?
A: In group theory, a branch of mathematics, given a group G under a binary operation, a subset H of G is called a subgroup of G if the elements H also forms a group under the binary operation.

Q: What is Carmen Pereira?
A: Carmen Pereira (1937 – 4 June 2016) was a politician in Guinea-Bissau.

Q: What is Tigrinya language?
A: Tigrinya (sometimes written asTigrigna; ; ) is an Afroasiatic language of the Ethiopian Semitic branch.

Q: What is List of The Really Loud House episodes?
A: The Really Loud House is an American sitcom that was based on the animated television series and originally aired on Nickelodeon from November 3, 2022 to November 26, 2024.

Q: What is Saint-Germain-d'Esteuil?
A: Saint-Germain-d&#39;Esteuil is a commune.

Q: What is QuickTime?
A: QuickTime (also called QT) is a software made by Apple Inc.

Q: What is Buzău County?
A: Buzău () is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in the area of Muntenia.

Q: What is Tajikistan at the Olympics?
A: Tajikistan was first at the Olympic Games as an independent nation in 1996.

Q: What is Nicholas Bett?
A: Nicholas Kiplagat Bett (27 January 1990&nbsp;– 8 August 2018) was a Kenyan track and field athlete who competed in the 400 metres hurdles.

Q: What is Purple bacteria?
A: Purple bacteria are bacteria that are phototrophic, meaning that they are able to make energy from Solar energy.

Q: What is Raorchestes bobingeri?
A: Bob Inger's bush frog (Raorchestes bobingeri) is a frog.

Q: What is Biberkopf?
A: The Biberkopf is a mountain in the Alps.

Q: What is Philosophy of religion?
A: Philosophy of religion is a branch of philosophy.

Q: What is Firewall (disambiguation)?
A: Firewall may refer to: * Firewall (networking), a device which prevents unwanted communication between private and public networks * Firewall (movie), a 2006 action movie starring Harrison Ford eu:Suhesi.

Q: What is Bakhshali manuscript?
A: The Bakhshali Manuscript is a mathematical manuscript written on birch bark.

Q: What is Farah River?
A: The Farah River (Persian Farāh Rud) is a river in western Afghanistan.

Q: What is Zlatko Saračević?
A: Zlatan "Zlatko" Saračević (5 July 1961 – 21 February 2021) was a Croatian professional handball player and coach.

Q: What is Leonard Read?
A: Leonard Edward Read was an American businessman, World War I veteran, and libertarian political activist.

Q: What is Pairi Daiza?
A: Pairi Daiza (before Paradisio) is a private-owned property that has 55 hectares.

Q: What is Compulsory education?
A: Compulsory schooling, compulsory education, mandatory education or mandatory schooling is the period children must stay in school, especially state school.

Q: What is Swallows and Amazons series?
A: Swallows and Amazons is a series of children's books by the English writer Arthur Ransome.

Q: What is Grave, Netherlands?
A: Grave is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant.

Q: What is Devizes?
A: Devizes is a market town and civil parish in Wiltshire, England.

Q: What is Creative director?
A: A creative director is someone who makes important creative decisions.

Q: What is Amado Boudou?
A: Amado Boudou (born November 19, 1963) is an Argentine businessman.

Q: What is Blaxhall?
A: Blaxhall is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England.

Q: What is Biofilm?
A: A biofilm is any group of microorganisms which stick to cell (biology) These sticky cells create a mucus The biofilm bacteria can share nutrients and are sheltered from harmful factors in their local environment, such as desiccation, antibiotics, and the host's immune system.

Q: What is Ulricehamn Municipality?
A: Ulricehamn Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden.

Q: What is Andrew Telegdi?
A: Andrew Telegdi, PC (András Telegdi; May 28, 1946 &ndash; January 23, 2017) was a Hungarian-born Canadian politician.

Q: What is Grenada?
A: Grenada ( ; Grenadian Creole French: Gwenad) is an island country in the Caribbean Sea that received its independence from the United Kingdom in 1974.

Q: What is Pouliacq?
A: Pouliacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Evelyn Lozada?
A: Evelyn Alexandra Lozada (born December 10, 1975) is an American television personality, model, and spokesperson.

Q: What is Aline Manson?
A: Aline Manson (12 November 1912 — 20 January 2001) was a French competitive swimmer from Paris during the late 1920s and early 1930s.

Q: What is Sam Thompson?
A: Samuel Robert De Courcy Thompson (born 2 August 1992) is a British television personality and radio presenter from London.

Q: What is 1983 Beirut barracks bombings?
A: The 1983 Beirut barracks bombings were a double terrorist attack that happened on 23 October 1983 during the Lebanese Civil War.

Q: What is Felix Körling?
A: John Felix August Körling, born 17 December 1864, in Kristdala, Sweden, dead 8 January 1937 in Halmstad, Sweden, was a Swedish composer, church musician and music teacher.

Q: What is Willie Degel?
A: William Jack "Willie" Degel (born September 1, 1967) is an American entrepreneur who started and is the chief financial officer of the Uncle Jack's Steakhouse chain of restaurants in New York City.

Q: What is Caledonia Township, Shiawassee County, Michigan?
A: Caledonia Charter Township is a charter township of Shiawassee County in the U.S.

Q: What is Indigenous Protected Area?
A: An Indigenous Protected Area, or IPA, is an area of land or sea owned by the Indigenous peoples of Australia.

Q: What is Underworld (2003 movie)?
A: Underworld is a 2003 American action horror movie.

Q: What is Anatoly Gladilin?
A: Anatoly Tikhonovich Gladilin (; August 21, 1935 – October 24, 2018) was a Soviet-Russian writer and poet.

Q: What is Modeling agency?
A: A modeling agency is a commercial agency, a company that represents a model in their job.

Q: What is 2018 FIFA World Cup final?
A: The 2018 FIFA World Cup final was the last game of the tournament.

Q: What is Hong Myung-bo?
A: Hong Myung-Bo (born 12 February 1969) is a South Korean professional athlete.

Q: What is The Thing (1982 movie)?
A: The Thing (also known as John Carpenter's The Thing) is a 1982 American science fiction horror monster movie directed by John Carpenter.

Q: What is David Yates?
A: David Yates (born 8 October 1963) is an English movie director.

Q: What is 2007-08 Austrian football championship?
A: The 2007-08 Austrian football championship was the 97th season of the top league in Austria.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Sedan?
A: The arrondissement of Sedan is an arrondissement of France in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region.

Q: What is Pecan Gap, Texas?
A: Pecan Gap is a city in Delta and Fannin counties in the U.S.

Q: What is Kibuye, Rwanda?
A: Kibuye is a city in Karongi District, and the capital of the Western Province in Rwanda.

Q: What is Banjo-Kazooie?
A: Banjo-Kazooie is a video game made by Rare for the Nintendo 64 in 1998.

Q: What is Central Collegiate Hockey Association?
A: against the University of Michigan The Central Collegiate Hockey Association (CCHA) is the name of two groups of colleges and universities, mostly in the Midwestern United States, that have organized for NCAA Division I hockey against one another every season.

Q: What is Ressha Sentai ToQger?
A: Ressha Sentai ToQger is a Japanese television series.

Q: What is Thurl Ravenscroft?
A: Thurl Arthur Ravenscroft (February 6, 1914 &ndash; May 22, 2005) was an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor, and singer who is known for his voice roles as Kirby in The Brave Little Toaster Movie Series and as Tony the Tiger.

Q: What is Proscription?
A: Proscription is a ’decree of condemnation to death or banishment’ according to the Oxford English Dictionary.

Q: What is Breezy?
A: Breezy is a 1973 American romantic drama movie directed by Clint Eastwood and is the first movie he didn't star in and starring William Holden, Kay Lenz, Roger C.

Q: What is 146 BC?
A: The year 146 BCE was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar.

Q: What is 2024 United States airstrikes on Kata'ib Hezbollah?
A: On 24 January 2024, the United States launched an attack on Kata'ib Hezbollah in Iraq.

Q: What is Black Snake Moan?
A: Black Snake Moan is a 2006 American black comedy drama movie written and directed by Craig Brewer and stars Christina Ricci, Samuel L.

Q: What is Future Shop?
A: Future Shop was a Canadian electronic retailer.

Q: What is Ćevapčići?
A: Ćevapčići (plural form of ćevapčić) or ćevapi () is a skinless meat sausage from Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and Serbia.

Q: What is Doctor Strange (movie)?
A: Doctor Strange is an American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Doctor Strange.

Q: What is Park Chu-young?
A: Park Chu-Young (Hangul: 박주영, Hanja: 朴主永; born 10 July 1985), also written as Park Ju-Young or Park Ju-yeong, is a South Korean association football Park was a member of the Korean team in the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing.

Q: What is Sheldon Gomes?
A: Sheldon Anthony Gomes (18 October 1950 – 15 September 2020) was a cricketer.

Q: What is Philippe Jamet?
A: Philippe Jamet (born 12 May 1961) is a French manager and President of universities.

Q: What is Dove Lake (Tasmania)?
A: Dove Lake is a small glacial lake in Tasmania, Australia.

Q: What is Autogyro?
A: An autogyro, also known as a gyroplane, is a type of rotorcraft that uses an unpowered rotor to fly.

Q: What is JD Souther?
A: John David "JD" Souther (November 2, 1945 &ndash; September 17, 2024) was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and actor.

Q: What is Olav Thon?
A: Olav Thon (29 June 1923 – 16 November 2024) was a Norwegian NOK 20.8 billion, which made him Norway's 2nd richest person.

Q: What is Luciano Macías?
A: Luciano Antonio Macías Argencio (28 May 1935 – 5 August 2022) was an Ecuadorian footballer.

Q: What is Sint-Laureins?
A: Sint-Laureins is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders.

Q: What is Flag of Zapotlán el Grande?
A: The flag of Zapotlán el Grande () It is colored green and gold and the coat of arms in the center.

Q: What is Greyhound (movie)?
A: Greyhound is an upcoming American war movie directed by Aaron Schneider and starring Tom Hanks, who also wrote the screenplay.

Q: What is Jinshin War?
A: The Jinshin War (壬申の乱, Jinshin no Ran) was a short civil war in Japan in the year 672.

Q: What is Sean Baker?
A: Sean Baker (born February 26, 1971) is an American filmmaker.

Q: What is Indira Rajan?
A: Indira Rajan (1939–29 April 2022) was an Indian Bharatanatyam dancer and teacher.

Q: What is Goran Jurić?
A: Goran Jurić (born 5 February 1963) is a former Croatian football player.

Q: What is Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot?
A: Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot (16 July 1796 – 22 February 1875) was a French landscape and portrait painter as well as a printmaker in etching.

Q: What is Montory?
A: Montory is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Francie Brolly?
A: Francis Brolly (13 January 1938 – 6 February 2020) was an Irish republican politician, musician and teacher.

Q: What is Kristin Cavallari?
A: Kristin Cavallari (born January 5, 1987) is an American television and movie actress.

Q: What is Devika Rani?
A: Devika Rani Choudhuri (30 March 1908 – 9 March 1994), usually known as Devika Rani, was an Indian actress.

Q: What is Bone?
A: Bones are parts of the skeleton of vertebrates.

Q: What is Eden Sher?
A: Eden Sher is an actress who is on the television show, The Middle.

Q: What is Ted Nugent?
A: Theodore Anthony "Ted" Nugent (born December 13, 1948) is an American musician, singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Filmfare Award for Best Actor – Tamil?
A: Filmfare Award for Best Actor is given by the filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil film lead actors.

Q: What is Pas-de-Calais?
A: Pas-de-Calais (Picard: Pas-Calés; Dutch: Nauw van Kales) is a department found in the north of France in the Hauts-de-France region.

Q: What is University of Washington?
A: The University of Washington (UW) is the main state university of the U.S.

Q: What is Saria?
A: The name Saria can mean a number of things: * Saria Island, an island in Greece * Saria, a character from the video game The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time * Saria, Burkina Faso.

Q: What is Allegiant Air?
A: Allegiant Air is an American low-cost airline.

Q: What is Vårgårda Municipality?
A: Vårgårda Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden.

Q: What is Poitou-Charentes?
A: Poitou-Charentes is a former administrative region of France.

Q: What is Baker's yeast?
A: Baker's yeast is the name for strains of yeast, which are used for baking, as a leavening agent.

Q: What is Chalermpol Malakham?
A: Chalermpol Malakham () is a singer from the Isan area of Thailand.

Q: What is Ercole Spada?
A: Ercole Spada (26 July 1937 – 3 August 2025) was an Italian automobile designer.

Q: What is Hugh Grosvenor, 7th Duke of Westminster?
A: Hugh Richard Louis Grosvenor, 7th Duke of Westminster, was born 29 January 1991.

Q: What is Universo 2000?
A: Andrés Reyes González (April 18, 1963 &ndash; May 1, 2018) was a Mexican professional wrestler, or luchador, who is best known under the ring name Universo 2000.

Q: What is Miles O’Brien?
A: Miles O’Brien is a character on Star Trek: The Next Generation and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.

Q: What is Volvulus?
A: A volvulus is when a loop of intestine twists around itself and the mesentery that supports it, resulting in a bowel obstruction.

Q: What is Control theory?
A: of a Watt steam engine, of 1788.

Q: What is Meechai Ruchuphan?
A: Meechai Ruchuphan (, , ; born 2 February 1938) is a Thai politician.

Q: What is Kleinheubach?
A: Kleinheubach is a market community in the Miltenberg district in the region of Lower Franconia in Bavaria, Germany and the seat of the municipal association.

Q: What is Nexus 6?
A: Nexus 6 is a mini mobile phone produced by Google and Motorola Mobility that uses Android operating system.

Q: What is Dovhe Pole?
A: Dovhe Pole (Ukrainian: Довге Поле; Hungarian: Unghosszúmező) is a village in the Uzhhorodskyi Raion in the Zakarpattia Oblast in western Ukraine.

Q: What is Winfield Dunn?
A: Bryant Winfield Culberson Dunn (July 1, 1927 &ndash; September 28, 2024) was an American politician, dentist, and medical industry official.

Q: What is Lo-Reninge?
A: Lo-Reninge is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

Q: What is Paolo Ferrari?
A: Paolo Ferrari (26 February 1929 &ndash; 6 May 2018) was an Italian actor.

Q: What is Chiasmocleis hudsoni?
A: Hudson's humming frog (Chiasmocleis hudsoni) is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, and Suriname.

Q: What is Pauline Quirke?
A: Pauline Perpetua Sheen (née Quirke; born 8 July 1959) is an English retired actress and writer.

Q: What is War and Peace (movie series)?
A: War and Peace () is a 1966 Soviet war drama movie directed by Sergei Bondarchuk.

Q: What is São Tomé?
A: São Tomé is the capital city of São Tomé and Príncipe.

Q: What is List of Formula One Grands Prix?
A: The following is a complete list of Grands Prix which have been a part of the FIA Formula 1 World Championship since it started in 1950.

Q: What is The Love Bug (1997 movie)?
A: The Love Bug is a 1997 American television adventure comedy movie directed by Peyton Reed and is the fifth movie in the Herbie franchise.

Q: What is Rubihorn?
A: The Rubihorn is a mountain in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Governor of Hong Kong?
A: The Governor of Hong Kong was the representative in Hong Kong of the British Crown from 1843 to 1997.

Q: What is Two International Finance Centre?
A: Two International Finance Centre ("Two ifc") is a skyscraper in Hong Kong.

Q: What is Catalytic converter?
A: A catalytic converter is a device in the exhaust pipe of a car, near its engine.

Q: What is Yousef Wali?
A: Yousef Wali (; 2 April 1930 – 5 September 2020) was an Egyptian politician.

Q: What is Naoki Kurimoto?
A: Naoki Kurimoto (born 29 March 1950) is a former Japanese football player.

Q: What is Antonio Candido?
A: Antonio Candido de Mello e Souza (July 24, 1918 – May 12, 2017) was a Brazilian writer, professor, sociologist and literary critic.

Q: What is Natural Bridge, Alabama?
A: Natural Bridge is a town of Winston County in the state of Alabama, in the United States.

Q: What is Martin Elkort?
A: Martin Edward Elkort (April 18, 1929 – November 19, 2016) is an American photographer, illustrator and writer.

Q: What is The Swan Princess?
A: The Swan Princess is a 1994 American-Russian animated musical movie.

Q: What is List of DreamWorks Animation productions?
A: The following is a list of productions produced by DreamWorks Animation, a division of NBCUniversal, which includes animated feature movies, shorts, specials, and television series.

Q: What is Rita Moreno?
A: in 2004 Rita Moreno (born December 11, 1931) is a Puerto Rican dancer, singer and actress.

Q: What is Gonzalo Galván Castillo?
A: Gonzalo Galván Castillo (10 January 1951 &ndash; 23 November 2020) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate.

Q: What is Mabel Cáceres?
A: Mabel Cáceres or Mabel Cáceres Calderón is a Peruvian journalist, and the founder and editor-in-chief of El Búho (The Owl).

Q: What is Chief John Big Tree?
A: Chief John Big Tree (born Isaac Johnny John, June 2, 1877 – July 6, 1967) was a member of the Seneca nation and an actor.

Q: What is Wally Gator?
A: Wally Gator is a cartoon made by Hanna-Barbera.

Q: What is Dream pop?
A: Dream pop began in the United Kingdom in the mid-1980s.

Q: What is Seriate?
A: Seriate ( Bergamasque: [Italian region of Lombardy.

Q: What is Jacques Zimako?
A: Jacques Zimako (28 December 1951 – 8 December 2021) was a French professional footballer.

Q: What is Charlotte (ship)?
A: The Charlotte was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet.

Q: What is Ian Carey?
A: Ian Harshman (September 13, 1974 &ndash; August 20, 2021), better known by his stage name Ian Carey, was an American house DJ, musician, and record producer.

Q: What is Suicide Blonde?
A: "Suicide Blonde" is the lead single by Australian rock new wave band INXS and taken from their seventh studio album X.

Q: What is Skinnskatteberg?
A: Skinnskatteberg is an urban area in the county of Västmanland in Sweden.

Q: What is WAGR Msa class?
A: The WAGR Msa class were a total of 10 Garratt steam locomotives that was run by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1930 to 1963.

Q: What is Dimmu Borgir?
A: Dimmu Borgir is a black metal band created in 1993 in Norway.

Q: What is Klaus Barbie?
A: Niklaus Barbie, better known as Klaus Barbie (25 October 1913 – 25 September 1991), was an important German officer in Nazi Germany's SS (paramilitary) and Gestapo (secret police).

Q: What is LGBT rights in Russia?
A: In the Russian Federation, same-gender sexual activities aren't legal.

Q: What is Mark of Cornwall?
A: Mark of Cornwall was a king of Cornwall and a character in the Arthurian Cycle of medieval literature.

Q: What is Beaujeu-Saint-Vallier-Pierrejux-et-Quitteur?
A: Beaujeu-Saint-Vallier-Pierrejux-et-Quitteur is a commune.

Q: What is Romainmôtier-Envy?
A: Romainmôtier-Envy is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Lake Isabella (disambiguation)?
A: Lake Isabella is a large man-made reservoir in Kern County, California.

Q: What is Running Kind?
A: "Running Kind" is a 1978 song by Merle Haggard featuring The Strangers and is the second and final single from his 26th studio album A Working Man Can't Get Nowhere Today.

Q: What is Oldenburg (state)?
A: Oldenburg is a former state in northwestern Germany whose capital was Oldenburg.

Q: What is Collision detection?
A: Collision detection is a program used on computers to help it understand when two objects will hit into each other.

Q: What is Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz?
A: Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz (born September 10, 1938) is an American indigenous rights activist, feminist writer, and historian.

Q: What is Noticiero Univision?
A: Noticiero Univision is the flagship daily evening television news program of Noticias Univision, the news division of the American Spanish language broadcast television network Univision.

Q: What is David Carpenter (cricketer)?
A: David Carpenter (12 September 1935 – 4 January 2022) was an English first-class cricketer.

Q: What is Amy Ridenour?
A: on June 22, 2005, in regards to her involvement in the Jack Abramoff scandal.

Q: What is 2013 Ecuadorian general election?
A: General elections were held in Ecuador on 17 February 2013 to elect the President, the National Assembly, Provincial Assemblies and members of the Andean Parliament.

Q: What is The Heartbreakers?
A: The Heartbreakers (sometimes referred to as Johnny Thunders' Heartbreakers), were an American rock band.

Q: What is The Landlord?
A: The Landlord is a 1970 comedy movie adapted from the 1966 novel by Kristin Hunter and directed by first time director Hal Ashby.

Q: What is Liana?
A: Lianas are vines which live in rainforests.

Q: What is Claude Lévi-Strauss?
A: Claude Lévi-Strauss (; 28 November 1908 – 30 October 2009) was a French anthropologist.

Q: What is Wesley Snipes?
A: Wesley Trent Snipes (born July 31, 1962) is an American actor, martial artist and movie producer.

Q: What is Jean Carnahan?
A: Jean Anne Carpenter Carnahan (December 20, 1933 &ndash; January 30, 2024) was an American politician and writer.

Q: What is Saturn (alligator)?
A: Saturn (1936 – 22 May 2020) was an American alligator.

Q: What is Bobbie Nelson?
A: Bobbie Lee Nelson (January 1, 1931 – March 10, 2022) was an American country pianist and singer.

Q: What is Love & Basketball?
A: Love & Basketball is a 2000 romantic drama movie.

Q: What is Got Me Under Pressure?
A: "Got Me Under Pressure" is a 1983 song by ZZ Top and is the second track from their eighth studio album Eliminator.

Q: What is Tom and Jerry?
A: Shiver Me Whiskers: Tom and Jerry: Shiver Me Whiskers is a 2006 American swashbuckler adventure comedy animated direct-to-video movie that stars Tom and Jerry.

Q: What is Chris Renaud?
A: Chris Renaud (born 1966 in American Academy Award-nominated illustrator and filmmaker.

Q: What is Polynesian navigation?
A: Polynesian navigation or Polynesian wayfinding was used for thousands of years to enable long trips across thousands of kilometers of the open Pacific Ocean.

Q: What is Grefrath?
A: Grefrath is a municipality in the district of Viersen.

Q: What is Hugo F. Sonnenschein?
A: Hugo Freund Sonnenschein (November 14, 1940 – July 15, 2021) was a prominent American economist and educational administrator.

Q: What is Petri Kontiola?
A: Petri Kontiola (born October 4, 1984) is a Finnish professional ice hockey centre.

Q: What is Gonzalo Zárate?
A: Gonzalo Eulogio Zárate (born 6 August 1984 in Rosario, Santa Fe) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a Forward (association football) He started playing football in the youth teams of CA Lanús und CA Tiro Federal.

Q: What is Public Security Intelligence Agency?
A: The Public Security Intelligence Agency (公安調査庁, kōanchōsa-chō) is the national intelligence agency of Japan.

Q: What is Social norm?
A: match is an example of a social norm.

Q: What is Trausella?
A: Trausella is a frazione in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Q: What is Winners and Sinners?
A: Winners and Sinners (, also known as 5 Lucky Stars) is a 1983 Hong Kong action comedy movie directed by Sammo Hung (who also stars) and starring Jackie Chan, John Shum, Richard Ng, Charlie Chin, Stanley Fung, Cherie Chung, Yuen Biao.

Q: What is William H. McRaven?
A: William Harry McRaven was born on November 6, 1955.

Q: What is Juan Román Riquelme?
A: Juan Román Riquelme (born 24 June 1978) is an Argentine former football player and current vice-president of Boca Juniors.

Q: What is Plymouth Belvedere?
A: The Plymouth Belvedere is an American car made by Chrysler from 1954 to 1970.

Q: What is Stadtallendorf?
A: Stadtallendorf is a town in the county of Marburg-Biedenkopf, Hesse, Germany.

Q: What is Destroyer?
A: A destroyer is a fast, small, and maneuverable warship.

Q: What is Sremski Karlovci?
A: Sremski Karlovci () is a town in the South Bačka District of the autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia.

Q: What is 2018 United States Senate election in Florida?
A: The 2018 United States Senate election in Florida took place on November 6, 2018.

Q: What is Peter Behrens (musician)?
A: Peter Behrens (4 September 1947 &ndash; 11 May 2016) was a German drummer and actor.

Q: What is Oschatz?
A: Oschatz is a town in Nordsachsen, in Saxony, Germany.

Q: What is Spider-Man (2002 video game)?
A: Spider-Man is a 2002 action-adventure video game based on the 2002 movie Spider-Man.

Q: What is Sinister Six?
A: The Sinister Six are a group of Marvel Comics comic book characters.

Q: What is Mário da Graça Machungo?
A: Mário Fernandes da Graça Machungo (1 December 1940 &ndash; 17 February 2020) was a Mozambican politician.

Q: What is Brighton Park, Chicago?
A: Brighton Park is a neighborhood located on the southwest side of Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is Martti Ahtisaari?
A: Martti Oiva Kalevi Ahtisaari (pronounced ) (23 June 1937 &ndash; 16 October 2023) was a Finnish politician.

Q: What is Gennadiy Seleznyov?
A: Gennadiy Nikolayevich Seleznyov (; 6 November 1947 – 19 July 2015) was a Russian politician.

Q: What is Alan Sieroty?
A: Alan Gerald Sieroty (December 13, 1930 – March 16, 2024) is an American Democratic Party (United States) Sieroty died March 16, 2024.

Q: What is Vetlanda BK?
A: Vetlanda BK is a bandy club in Vetlanda in Sweden.

Q: What is Billy Broderick?
A: William Denis Broderick was a swimmer from Ireland.

Q: What is Algirdas Pocius?
A: Algirdas Pocius (28 August 1930 – 14 August 2021) was a Lithuanian politician and writer.

Q: What is Homomorphism?
A: In algebra homomorphism is a map between two groups, that keeps the structure of the two groups.

Q: What is Electoral district of Wallsend?
A: Wallsend is an electoral district of New South Wales.

Q: What is Mount Tabwemasana?
A: Mount Tabwemasana is the highest peak in the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu.

Q: What is Stealth game?
A: A stealth game is a type of video game in where the player uses stealth to avoid or defeat opponents.

Q: What is Flandreau, South Dakota?
A: Flandreau is a city in the eastern part of the U.S.

Q: What is San Luigi dei Francesi?
A: San Luigi dei Francesi is a French church in Rome.

Q: What is Delayed identifications?
A: Delayed identification is a writing technique used in poetry and prose.

Q: What is Pliny the Elder?
A: Gaius Plinius Secundus (23 AD – 25 August 79 AD), better known as Pliny the Elder, was a Roman author, naturalist, and natural philosopher, as well as naval and army commander of the early Roman Empire, and personal friend of the emperor Vespasian.

Q: What is Prievidza?
A: Prievidza (, ) is a city in west-central Slovakia.

Q: What is Ștefan Tașnadi?
A: Ștefan Tașnadi (Hungarian language Tașnadi died on 28 February 2018 in Cluj Napoca at the age of 65.

Q: What is Malia Obama?
A: Malia Ann Obama (born July 4, 1998) is the elder daughter of the 44th president of the United States Barack Obama and Michelle Obama.

Q: What is Interspecific competition?
A: and spotted hyena in the Masai Mara.

Q: What is Ng Wing-Nga?
A: Ng Wing-Nga is a Hong Kong archer.

Q: What is 1915 Galveston hurricane?
A: The 1915 Galveston hurricane was an intense, deadly and very destructive storm.

Q: What is Oesophagus?
A: The oesophagus (or esophagus) is also called the gullet.

Q: What is Man with a Movie Camera?
A: Man with a Movie Camera (Russian: Человек с киноаппаратом) is a Soviet silent documentary film directed by Dziga Vertov.

Q: What is Paulo Coelho?
A: Paulo Coelho (; born 24 August 1947), is a Brazilian lyricist and novelist.

Q: What is Ryeoun?
A: Go Yoon-hwan (; born August 26, 1998), better known by his stage name Ryeoun (), is a South Korean actor.

Q: What is Almond cake?
A: Almond cake is a cake, made of butter, sugar, almond essence, eggs, ground almonds, and flour, with whole almonds for decoration.

Q: What is June Spencer?
A: June Rosalind Spencer, (14 June 1919 – 8 November 2024) was an English actress.

Q: What is N Seoul Tower?
A: The N Seoul Tower (), officially the YTN Seoul Tower and commonly known as Namsan Tower or Seoul Tower, is a large tower in South Korea.

Q: What is East Pakenham railway station?
A: East Pakenham is a railway station on the Pakenham line in Melbourne, Australia.

Q: What is Osteocephalus yasuni?
A: For the Yasuní tree frog, see Boana ventrimaculata.

Q: What is Reinhard Genzel?
A: Reinhard Genzel (born 24 March 1952) is a German astrophysicist.

Q: What is The Sports Network?
A: The Sports Network (commonly known as TSN) is a Canadian English language cable television specialty channel and is Canada's first English language sports television channel.

Q: What is Academic grading in the Philippines?
A: The Philippines has varied university grading systems.

Q: What is Sandö Bridge?
A: The Sandö Bridge () is a concrete arch bridge crossing the Ångerman River in Kramfors Municipality in the northern parts of Sweden.

Q: What is Honoré III, Prince of Monaco?
A: Honoré III, Prince of Monaco (Honoré Camille Léonor; 10 November 1720 – 21 March 1795) was a reigning prince of the small state of Monaco.

Q: What is Antonio Martino?
A: Antonio Martino (22 December 1942 &ndash; 5 March 2022) was an Italian politician.

Q: What is A Romantic Adventuress?
A: A Romantic Adventuress is a 1920 American silent drama movie directed by Harley Knoles and starring Dorothy Dalton, Charles Meredith, Augusta Anderson, Ivo Dawson, Robert Schable.

Q: What is Olia chain?
A: The Olia Chain (or The Olias) is a mountain range in the southwest of the Northern Territory, Australia.

Q: What is List of Khans of Karabakh?
A: { |+ !Name !Reign !Succession !Lifespan !Portrait |- |Panah |1748-1761 |Founder |1693-1761 | |- |Ibrahim |1761-1806 |Son of Panah |1732-1806 | |- |Mehdi |1806-1822 |Son of Ibrahim |1767-1845 | |}.

Q: What is Seventh Avenue station?
A: Seventh Avenue is a station on the IND Sixth Avenue Line and IND Queens Blvd Line of the New York City Subway.

Q: What is Riffat Hassan?
A: Riffat Hassan (born 1943 in Lahore) is a Pakistani-American feminist and Islamic scholar of the Quran.

Q: What is Badlands of Montana?
A: Badlands of Montana is a 1957 American western movie directed by Daniel B.

Q: What is Le Plessier-Rozainvillers?
A: Le Plessier-Rozainvillers is a commune.

Q: What is Bunny Carr?
A: Bernard "Bunny" Carr (31 July 1927 – 19 September 2018) was an Irish television presenter.

Q: What is List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Spanish–American War?
A: The Spanish-American War (, desastre del 98, Guerra Hispano-Cubana-Norteamericana or Guerra de Cuba ) was a military conflict between Spain and the United States.

Q: What is Massacres at the concentration camp at Botn?
A: Massacres happened at the concentration camp at Botn - in Norway's Nordland county, during World War Two.

Q: What is Manuel José Quintana?
A: Manuel José Quintana y Lorenzo (April 11, 1772 - March 11, 1857), was a Spanish poet.

Q: What is Jerzy Trela?
A: Jerzy Józef Trela (14 March 1942 – 15 May 2022) was a Polish actor.

Q: What is The Hollywood Reporter?
A: The Hollywood Reporter is an American magazine and website providing Entertainment News to Hollywood insiders and the world through text, audio and video platforms.

Q: What is Festival Song?
A: "Festival Song" is the fourth and last single single off American pop punk band Good Charlotte's album Good Charlotte.

Q: What is Juan Manuel Albendea Pabón?
A: Juan Manuel Albendea Pabón (8 June 1937 &ndash; 2 January 2022) was a Spanish politician, lawyer and economist.

Q: What is Every Second Counts?
A: Every Second Counts is the fourth album released by Plain White T's.

Q: What is Daniel Nimham?
A: , New York, which was commissioned by the Town in 2021.

Q: What is The mouse and his child?
A: The mouse and his child is a 1977 film animated adventure Comedy drama released in November 1977.

Q: What is A Dangerous Path (Warriors)?
A: A Dangerous Path is the fifth book in the Warriors series by Erin Hunter.

Q: What is Scotty 2 Hotty?
A: Scott Ronald Garland (born July 2, 1973) is an American professional wrestler and firefighter, currently signed to All Elite Wrestling as a coach and producer.

Q: What is Don't Stand So Close to Me?
A: "Don't Stand So Close to Me" is a 1980 song by The Police.

Q: What is Nacton?
A: Nacton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England.

Q: What is Plan-d'Aups-Sainte-Baume?
A: Plan-d&#39;Aups-Sainte-Baume is a commune of 2,187 people (2019).

Q: What is Point Hope, Alaska?
A: Point Hope is a city in Alaska.

Q: What is Alexander Lukashenko?
A: Alexander Grigoryevich Lukashenko (born 30 August 1954) is the President of the country of Belarus.

Q: What is Angad Aulakh?
A: Angad Aulakh is an American filmmaker.

Q: What is Mohammad Mirmohammadi?
A: Seyyed Mohammad Mirmohammadi (&lrm;; 1948 – 2 March 2020) was an Iranian politician.

Q: What is Plutino?
A: A plutino is an object in outer space that has an orbit like Pluto's orbit.

Q: What is Les Authieux-sur-Calonne?
A: Les Authieux-sur-Calonne is a commune.

Q: What is Whitehouse, Texas?
A: Whitehouse is a city in Smith County, Texas, United States.

Q: What is Carchi Province?
A: Carchi is a province in Ecuador.

Q: What is Alabaster, Alabama?
A: Alabaster is a city and southern suburb of Birmingham in Shelby County, Alabama, United States.

Q: What is Action Max?
A: The Action Max is a home video game console.

Q: What is Women and video games?
A: The connection between women and video games has been getting lots of interest from schools, companies, and average Activism.

Q: What is 9×19mm Parabellum?
A: A 9×19mm Parabellum is a nine millimeter wide bullet.

Q: What is Dammbach?
A: Dammbach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany, and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (municipal association) of Mespelbrunn, whose seat is in Heimbuchenthal.

Q: What is Erotic thriller?
A: An erotic thriller is a form of the thriller genre that involves sexuality.

Q: What is National Committee for the Liberation of Yugoslavia?
A: The National Committee for the Liberation of Yugoslavia, also known as the Yugoslav Committee of National Liberation, was the provisional executive body of the Democratic Federal Yugoslavia from 1943-1945 during World War II.

Q: What is List of genetic disorders?
A: This is a list of the most common genetic disorders in humans.

Q: What is Glenview, Illinois?
A: Glenview is a village in northeastern Illinois, USA.

Q: What is Hofors Municipality?
A: Hofors Municipality () is a municipality in Gävleborg County in northern Sweden.

Q: What is Wilmington insurrection of 1898?
A: The Wilmington insurrection of 1898, also known as the Wilmington massacre of 1898 or the Wilmington coup of 1898, happened in Wilmington, North Carolina, on Thursday, November 10, 1898.

Q: What is Chari-Baguirmi Region?
A: Chari-Baguirmi is one of the 23 regions of Chad.

Q: What is Frank LaMere?
A: Franklin Dean LaMere (March 1, 1950 – June 16, 2019) was a Winnebago activist.

Q: What is Splinter News?
A: Splinter is an American website that shares news and opinions with a left-leaning view.

Q: What is Grand opera?
A: (1876): "Ballet of the Nuns" from Meyerbeer's Robert le diable (1831); one of the earliest examples of Grand Opera Grand opera is a term which is used to describe an opera with continuous music.

Q: What is 1913-14 Austrian football championship?
A: The 1913-14 Austrian football championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association.

Q: What is Cory Gardner?
A: Cory Gardner (born August 22, 1974) was the United States Senator from Colorado from 2015 to 2021.

Q: What is Madisyn Shipman?
A: Madisyn Shipman (born November 20, 2002) is an American actress.

Q: What is Center field?
A: A center fielder, abbreviated CF, is the outfielder in baseball who plays defense in center field – the baseball fielding position between left field and right field.

Q: What is Taldom?
A: Taldom () is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 110 kilometers (68 miles) north of Moscow.

Q: What is Spiracle?
A: Insects have small holes in their bodies that allow them to breathe.

Q: What is Melinda Romero Donnelly?
A: Melinda Kathleen Romero Donnelly (born October 8, 1971) is a Puerto Rican politician for the New Progressive Party (PNP) who has been the Shadow congressperson.

Q: What is Leonardo da Vinci?
A: Leonardo Da Vinci (15 April 1452 – 2 May 1519) was an anatomist, sculptor, architect, botanist, musician, and writer.

Q: What is Ankusha?
A: The ankusha, bullhook, or elephant goad is a tool employed by mahout consists of a hook (usually bronze or steel) which is attached.

Q: What is List of satellites sent to Venus?
A: Since 1961, a total of 30 man-made satellites have been launched with the goal of reaching the planet Venus.

Q: What is Alcántara Bridge?
A: Alcántara Bridge (also called Puente Trajan at Alcantara) is a Roman Empire The original length of this bridge was .

Q: What is Chevy Chase?
A: Cornelius Crane "Chevy" Chase (born October 8, 1943) is an American Emmy Award-winning comedian, writer, and actor.

Q: What is Interlingue grammar?
A: Interlingue is a constructed language.

Q: What is Elizabeth Jane Howard?
A: Elizabeth Jane Howard, Lady Amis, CBE, FRSL (26 March 1923 – 2 January 2014) was an English novelist.

Q: What is Standard-definition television?
A: Standard-Definition Television is a kind of television system that provides lower resolution than SDTV and higher resolution than analog TV does.

Q: What is Tractor Supply Company?
A: companies of the United States establishments in the United States Tractor Supply Company is an American retail chain of stores.

Q: What is From Hell to Victory?
A: From Hell to Victory (Italian: Contro 4 bandiere, French: De l'enfer à la victoire, Spanish: De Dunkerke a la victoria) is a 1979 Italian Spanish French World War II drama movie directed by Edmondo Amati and Umberto Lenzi.

Q: What is Leandra English?
A: Leandra English is an American government official and political advisor serving as an advisor to the Superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services.

Q: What is Friedrich Paulus?
A: Friedrich Wilhelm Ernst Paulus (23 September 1890 – 1 February 1957) was a German Nazi Army general in the Wehrmacht from 1939-1943 during World War II.

Q: What is Waterloo (1970 movie)?
A: Waterloo () is a 1970 war movie directed by Sergei Bondarchuk and produced by Dino De Laurentiis.

Q: What is Jane Campion?
A: Dame Elizabeth Jane Campion (born 30 April 1954) is a New Zealand director, screenwriter, and producer.

Q: What is Australian Broadcasting Corporation?
A: The Australian Broadcasting Corporation, (ABC) is the national broadcaster of Australia.

Q: What is Bonnie Pink?
A: Bonnie Pink (born April 16, 1973 in Kyoto) is a Japanese singer.

Q: What is Bianca Gascoigne?
A: Bianca Jade Gascoigne (born October 28, 1986) is an English glamour model and reality television personality.

Q: What is The Five (movie)?
A: The Five () is a 2013 South Korean thriller movie directed by Jeong Yeon-shik.

Q: What is Franmil Reyes?
A: Franmil Federico Reyes (born July 7, 1995) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder and designated hitter for the Cleveland Guardians of Major League Baseball (MLB) since 2019.

Q: What is Emmendingen (district)?
A: Emmendingen is a rural district (Landkreis) in the west of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Q: What is Brad Bird?
A: Phillip Bradley Bird (born September 24, 1957) is an American animator, director, screenwriter, producer, and voice actor.

Q: What is From First to Last?
A: From First to Last (formerly named First Too Last) is an American post-hardcore band from Los Angeles, originally from Georgia and Florida.

Q: What is Apomorphy?
A: An apomorphy in biology is a derived state, or innovation.

Q: What is Workers' Party of Singapore?
A: The Workers' Party of Singapore, officially known as The Workers' Party (abbreviation WP), is a major centre-left political party in Singapore.

Q: What is Melis Durul?
A: Melis Durul (born 21 October 1993) is a Turkish volleyball player.

Q: What is James S. C. Chao?
A: James Si-Cheng Chao (; born December 29, 1927) is a Chinese-American businessman and philanthropist.

Q: What is National Citizen Party?
A: The National Citizen Party (NCP) () is a political party in Bangladesh, officially established on 28 February 2025.

Q: What is Are We Not Men? We Are Devo!?
A: :The correct title of this article is Q: Are We Not Men? A: We Are Devo!"Q:" makes a link to Wikiquote.org when it is used in an article title.

Q: What is Timeline of Christianity?
A: This timeline is to show the history of Christianity from the beginning to the present.

Q: What is The Best of Rock za Hrvatsku?
A: "The Best of Rock za Hrvatsku" (Rock for Croatia) was a popular album of anti-war and patriotic songs by many different songwriters and bands (a compilation album).

Q: What is John William Finn?
A: John William Finn (July 23, 1909 – May 27, 2010) was an American sailor in the United States Navy.

Q: What is Kofi Adjorlolo?
A: Kofi Adjorlolo (born 23 March 1956 in Keta) is an actor and movie producer from Ghana.

Q: What is Sanofi (company)?
A: Sanofi is one of the world's leading pharmaceutical corporations.

Q: What is Hari (director)?
A: Hari (born 26 December 1968) is an Indian movie director, best known for his action-masala in Tamil cinema.

Q: What is Gambassi Terme?
A: Gambassi Terme is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Q: What is J. Sigfrid Edström?
A: Johannes Sigfrid Edström (November 11, 1870 &ndash; March 18, 1964) was a Swedish industrialist.

Q: What is Lauterstein?
A: Lauterstein is a municipality in Göppingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Q: What is Mutual aid?
A: Mutual aid is when people work together to help each other with things they need.

Q: What is Peja Stojaković?
A: Predrag Stojaković (, ; born 9 June 1977), known by his nickname Peja, is a Serbian retired professional basketball player.

Q: What is Hikaru Sulu?
A: Hikaru Sulu is a fictional character in the television and movie franchise Star Trek.

Q: What is Darth Revan?
A: Darth Revan is a fictional character from the Star Wars universe and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic.

Q: What is Echiura?
A: The Echiura, or spoon worms, are a small group of marine animals.

Q: What is Finest Worksong?
A: "Finest Worksong" is a 1988 song by alternative rock band R.E.M.

Q: What is Rio golden-eyed tree frog?
A: The Rio golden-eyed tree frog (Trachycephalus imitatrix) is a frog that lives in Brazil and Argentina.

Q: What is Lohn-Ammannsegg?
A: Lohn-Ammannsegg is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Q: What is Multiple sclerosis?
A: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a serious health condition that gets worse over time.

Q: What is ? (XXXTentacion album)?
A: ? is the second studio album by American rapper, XXXTentacion.

Q: What is Feichten?
A: Feichten, also known as Feichten an der Alz, is a municipality in Altötting, a district (Landkreis) in Upper Bavaria.

Q: What is Parkchester, Bronx?
A: Parkchester is a planned community originally developed by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and located in the central Bronx, New York City.

Q: What is Stephanie Herseth Sandlin?
A: Stephanie Marie Herseth Sandlin (born December 3, 1970) is an American attorney, educator, and politician from the Democratic Party.

Q: What is Maurane?
A: Maurane (born Claudine Luypaerts; 12 November 1960 – 7 May 2018) was a Belgian French language singer and actress.

Q: What is Bob Packwood?
A: Robert William "Bob" Packwood (born September 11, 1932) is an American politician.

Q: What is Lacey Turner?
A: Lacey Turner (born 28 March 1988) is an English actress.

Q: What is WWE The Great American Bash?
A: The Great American Bash, known simply as The Bash in 2009 and as NXT The Great American Bash since 2020, is a series of professional wrestling SmackDown! superstars were on it until the 2007 event, when Raw and ECW brands joined.

Q: What is Hovercraft?
A: A hovercraft is a vehicle supported and moved by a cushion of air blowing downwards.

Q: What is Kevin Cosgrove?
A: Kevin Michael Cosgrove (January 6, 1955 – September 11, 2001) was an American businessman who died in the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center.

Q: What is Marsha Mason?
A: Marsha Mason (born April 3, 1942) is an American actress and a television director.

Q: What is Day After Day (Badfinger song)?
A: "Day After Day" is a 1971 song by Welsh rock band Badfinger.

Q: What is Forum for Democracy?
A: The Forum for Democracy (Dutch: Forum voor Democratie.

Q: What is Potassium perchlorate?
A: Potassium perchlorate is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Luigi Salvatorelli?
A: Luigi Salvatorelli was an Italian historian and publicist who was born in Marsciano, Province of Perugia, Italy and a political journalist in 1919 during Benito Mussolini's rise to power and was associated with Turin-based liberal newspaper, La Stampa in 1921.

Q: What is Brian Billick?
A: Brian Harold Billick (born February 28, 1954 in Fairborn, Ohio) is a retired American football player and coach.

Q: What is Alto Mayo Protection Forest?
A: The Alto Mayo Protection Forest (Spanish: Bosque de Protección Alto Mayo) is a place in Peru.

Q: What is Garzigliana?
A: Garzigliana is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Q: What is Potshangbam?
A: Potshangbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin.

Q: What is Atures Municipality?
A: The Atures Municipality (Spanish: Municipio Atures) is one of the seven municipalities (municipios) that makes up the southern Venezuelan state of Amazonas.

Q: What is Venae cavae?
A: The superior vena cava is the large vein which returns blood to the heart from the head, neck and both upper limbs.

Q: What is Bhowani Junction (movie)?
A: Bhowani Junction is a 1956 American romantic adventure movie directed by George Cukor and was based on the 1954 novel of the same name by John Masters.

Q: What is Circinus galaxy?
A: The Circinus galaxy (ESO 97-G13) is a Seyfert galaxy, very bright and emitting huge amounts of electromagnetic radiation.

Q: What is Shannon Sharpe?
A: Shannon Sharpe (born June 26, 1968) is a former American Football tight end who played for the Denver Broncos and Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.

Q: What is Lillington, North Carolina?
A: Lillington is a town in and the county seat of Harnett County, North Carolina, United States.

Q: What is Alicún?
A: Alicún is a municipality in the Province of Almería, in Andalusia, Spain.

Q: What is Paramount Networks UK & Australia?
A: Paramount Networks UK & Australia is a part of Paramount Global.

Q: What is Alexander Sulzer?
A: Alexander Sulzer (born May 30, 1984) is a German professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Düsseldorfer EG of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).

Q: What is Ash (band)?
A: Ash is an alternative rock band from Downpatrick, Northern Ireland.

Q: What is Zimbabwe national netball team?
A: The Zimbabwe national netball team is the national netball from Zimbabwe.

Q: What is Pretty Baby (Vanessa Carlton song)?
A: "Pretty Baby" is a 2002 song by singer-songwriter Vanessa Carlton and is the third single from her debut studio album Be Not Nobody.

Q: What is Andrei Gromyko?
A: Andrei Andreyevich Gromyko was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War.

Q: What is Voni?
A: Voni (Greek: Βώνη, Turkish: Gökhan) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.

Q: What is Hugo Armann?
A: Hugo Armann (), was a German soldier, officer, teacher, and head teacher.

Q: What is Crash and Burn (Savage Garden song)?
A: "Crash and Burn" is a 2000 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the fourth single from their second studio album Affirmation.

Q: What is Self-esteem?
A: Self-esteem is the way people think about themselves and how worthwhile they feel.

Q: What is C-rock?
A: C-rock is short for Chinese rock music.

Q: What is Hida Province?
A: ) with Hida Province highlighted is an old province of Japan in the area of Gifu Prefecture on the island of Honshū.Louis-Frédéric.

Q: What is Valsot?
A: Valsot is a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in far east Switzerland.

Q: What is 1510s?
A: The 1510s was a decade that began on 1 January 1510 and ended on 31 December 1519.

Q: What is Higham, Babergh?
A: Higham is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Q: What is Electoral district of Polwarth?
A: Polwarth is an electoral district of Victoria.

Q: What is Genetic disorder?
A: A genetic disorder is a health problem caused by abnormalities in the genome.

Q: What is Foundation series?
A: The Foundation series is a series of seven science fiction stories written by Isaac Asimov.

Q: What is Manuel Mandel?
A: Manuel Mandel was a rower from Brazil.

Q: What is Svobodny, Amur Oblast?
A: Svobodny () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia.

Q: What is Nokia N810?
A: Nokia N810 is an Internet tablet that was developed for the brand Nokia Nseries and produced in the operating system Maemo 4.

Q: What is Jan de Laval?
A: Jan Patrik de Laval (28 March 1948 &mdash; 19 December 2019) was a Swedish actor.

Q: What is Étienne de Veniard, Sieur de Bourgmont?
A: for several years during his early career.

Q: What is Ken Rice (American football)?
A: Kenneth Earl Rice (September 14, 1939 &ndash; October 14, 2020) was an American professional football player.

Q: What is Friedrich Engels?
A: Friedrich Engels II (28 November 1820 – 5 August 1895) was a German political thinker and writer.

Q: What is SK Slovan Wien?
A: SK Slovan Wien is a Austrian football club from Vienna.

Q: What is Wide area network?
A: A worldwide area network, or WAN, is made up of several computer networks connected together, often over the Internet.

Q: What is Illinois River?
A: The Illinois River is a river in the United States.

Q: What is Bluey (2018 TV series)?
A: Bluey is an Australian children's television series created by Joe Brumm.

Q: What is Vesper bat?
A: The Vesper bat is a species of bat belonging to the Microchiroptera family.

Q: What is Raviv Ullman?
A: Raviv "Ricky" Ullman (, born on January 24, 1986 in Eilat) is an Israeli-American actor.

Q: What is Minsk?
A: Minsk or Miensk (Мінск (official spelling in Belarus), Менск; Минск ; Mińsk) is the capital and a major city of Belarus.

Q: What is Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky?
A: Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky () is a city in Russia.

Q: What is First Minister of Wales?
A: The First Minister of Wales () is the leader of the Welsh Government.

Q: What is Xbox One?
A: The Xbox One is the third video game console made by Microsoft, succeeding the Xbox 360.

Q: What is Uma Ukpai?
A: Uma Ukpai (7 January 1945 &ndash; 6 October 2025) was a Christian leader, an international evangelist, and preacher from Nigeria Ukpai died on 6 October 2025 at the age of 80.

Q: What is Saint-Aubin-des-Châteaux?
A: Saint-Aubin-des-Châteaux is a commune.

Q: What is List of programs broadcast by Disney XD?
A: This is a list of programs and specials formerly and currently broadcast by the children's cable television channel Disney XD in the United States, and previously throughout the world on its international sister networks.

Q: What is Heraclion?
A: Heraclion is the biggest city of Crete.

Q: What is Joseph Dube?
A: Joseph Douglas "Joe" Dube (February 15, 1944 – September 8, 2025) was an American weightlifter and Strongman (strength athlete) Dube died on September 8, 2025 in Jacksonville, Florida at the age of 81.

Q: What is Communes of the Haute-Savoie department?
A: The following is a list of the 294 communes of the Haute-Savoie département, in France.

Q: What is The 13th Letter?
A: The 13th Letter is a 1951 American mystery movie directed by Otto Preminger and is a remake of the 1943 French movie Le Corbeau.

Q: What is Mithridates VI Eupator?
A: Mithridates VI Eupator (135–63 BC) (Greek: Μιθραδάτης) was king of Pontus during the Mithridatic dynasty.

Q: What is Cyrus K. Holliday?
A: Cyrus Kurtz Holliday (April 3, 1826 &ndash; March 29, 1900) was a prominent Kansas businessman who was part of the free-state movement during the period called Bleeding Kansas.

Q: What is Shamkir District?
A: Shamkir is a rayon in Azerbaijan.

Q: What is Iran hostage crisis?
A: The Iran hostage crisis was a diplomatic crisis between Iran and the United States.

Q: What is Piet Dankert?
A: Pieter "Piet" Dankert (8 January 1934 in Stiens – 21 June 2003 in Perpignan) was a Dutch politician.

Q: What is Bloomberg News?
A: Bloomberg News (originally Bloomberg Business News) is an international news agency headquartered in New York City.

Q: What is Romeo + Juliet?
A: See also the play by William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet is an Academy Award nominated 1996 American movie adaptation of William Shakespeare's romantic tragedy Romeo and Juliet.

Q: What is American Mathematical Society?
A: The American Mathematical Society (AMS) is an association of professional mathematicians who work together in the interests of mathematical education, research, and scholarships.

Q: What is 1925 in Malaya?
A: Events from the year 1925 in British Malaya.

Q: What is La Quinta, California?
A: La Quinta is a resort city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Q: What is Kite (brand)?
A: Kite is a brand of backpacks and stationery.

Q: What is Michael Frankenberg?
A: Michael Frankenberg is an archer from Germany.

Q: What is Bayerisch Gmain?
A: Bayerisch Gmain (Bavarian: Boarisch Gmoa) is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district (Landkreis) in Upper Bavaria.

Q: What is Saline County, Illinois?
A: Saline County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Josh Hines-Allen?
A: Joshua Hines-Allen (born Joshua Allen; July 13, 1997) is an American football outside linebacker for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Ivan Vsevolozhsky?
A: (right) in costumes designed by Vsevolozhsky for The Sleeping Beauty Ivan Alexandrovich Vsevolozhsky (; 1835–1909) was a Russian diplomat, theatre director, librettist, and designer.

Q: What is Never Really Over?
A: "Never Really Over" is a song by American singer Katy Perry.

Q: What is Pre-shared key?
A: In cryptography, a pre-shared key or PSK is a shared secret which was previously shared between the two parties using some secure channel before it is used.

Q: What is Filippo Raciti?
A: Filippo Raciti (17 January 1967–2 February 2007) was an Italian police officer who was killed in a fight between Calcio Catania fans outside a stadium in Catania.

Q: What is Lawshall?
A: Lawshall is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Q: What is Jigsaw (2017 movie)?
A: Jigsaw is a 2017 American horror movie directed by Michael and Peter Spierig and written by Josh Stolberg and Peter Goldfinger.

Q: What is Very Bad Things?
A: Very Bad Things is a 1998 French American black comedy movie directed by first time director Peter Berg and starring Christian Slater, Cameron Diaz, Daniel Stern, Jon Favreau, Joey Zimmermann, Jeremy Piven, Jeanne Tripplehorn.

Q: What is Jimmy Heath?
A: James Edward Heath (October 25, 1926 – January 19, 2020), nicknamed "Little Bird", was an American jazz saxophonist, composer, arranger and big band leader.

Q: What is TMZ?
A: TMZ is an American celebrity news website.

Q: What is Tsarevich Prosha?
A: Tsarevich Prosha () is a 1974 Soviet family movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova.

Q: What is Transclusion?
A: Transclusion is a way to use content from one electronic document, in another document without having to copy the content from one to the other.

Q: What is Banana chip?
A: A banana chip is a slice of banana that has been dried or deep-fried.

Q: What is Portia Mansfield?
A: Portia Mansfield was born on November 19, 1887 in Chicago.

Q: What is Polling in Tirol?
A: Polling in Tirol is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Q: What is Norman Tebbit?
A: Norman Beresford Tebbit, Baron Tebbit, CH, PC (29 March 1931 – 7 July 2025) was a British politician.

Q: What is Harmonia Macrocosmica?
A: The Harmonia Macrocosmica is a star atlas by Andreas Cellarius.

Q: What is List of elements by boiling point?
A: This is a list of elements sorted by their boiling point.

Q: What is The Phoenix (Fall Out Boy song)?
A: "The Phoenix" is a promotional single by American pop rock band Fall Out Boy.

Q: What is Armadale railway line?
A: The Armadale railway line is a major public transport route in Perth.

Q: What is Eugene McCarthy?
A: Eugene Joseph "Gene" McCarthy (March 29, 1916 – December 10, 2005) was a United States senator from Minnesota.

Q: What is Tachometer?
A: A tachometer is a sensor that measures the rotation speed of an object, for example a wheel or shaft.

Q: What is Landing craft?
A: Landing craft are small or medium sized boats made to land at a beach.

Q: What is Peter Welch?
A: Peter Francis Welch (born May 2, 1947) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party.

Q: What is The Puzzle Place?
A: The Puzzle Plaze is an American children's television series produced by KCET in Los Angeles and Lancit Media in New York City.

Q: What is Secret Diary of a Call Girl?
A: Secret Diary of a Call Girl (also known as Secret Diary) is a British television drama broadcast on ITV2 starring Billie Piper as "Belle", a high-class London-based call girl.

Q: What is Herb Bergson?
A: Herbert William "Herb" Bergson (September 16, 1956 &ndash; February 10, 2022) was an American Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party politician.

Q: What is New Europe Bridge?
A: The New Europe Bridge, also known as Danube Bridge 2 ( is a road and rail bridge between the cities of Vidin, Bulgaria, and Calafat, Romania.

Q: What is How Pop Can You Get??
A: How Pop Can You Get? was the first and only album by American band The Bats.

Q: What is App Store?
A: App Store means "Application Store" and means a method of online shopping for software, including mobile apps.

Q: What is Inverness, Illinois?
A: Inverness is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States.

Q: What is Lloyd Shapley?
A: in 2012 Lloyd Stowell Shapley (June 2, 1923 – March 12, 2016) was an von Neumann and Morgenstern in 1940s, Shapley has been thought by many experts as the very creator of game theory.

Q: What is Arawak people?
A: (Suriname), between 1880 and 1900 The Arawak were a group of people who lived in the northern part of South America, and the Caribbean.

Q: What is Luigi Di Biagio?
A: Luigi Di Biagio (born 3 June 1971) is a former Italian football player.

Q: What is Dorothy Tree?
A: Dorothy Tree (born Dorothy Estelle Triebitz, May 21, 1906 – February 13, 1992) was an American actress and author.

Q: What is Illinois City, Illinois?
A: Illinois City is an unincorporated community on the Mississippi River.

Q: What is Shavez Hart?
A: Shavez Hart (6 September 1992 – 3 September 2022) was a Bahamian track and field sprinter.

Q: What is Member of the Senedd?
A: Members of the Senedd (MSs for short) are elected members of the Welsh Parliament.

Q: What is Amati?
A: Amati is the name of a family of Italian violin makers.

Q: What is Anna Molka Ahmed?
A: Anna Molka Ahmed (13 August 1917 &ndash; 20 April 1994) was a Pakistani artist, art writer and poet who played a major role in starting the Department of Fine Arts at the University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan.

Q: What is The Oppenheim Family?
A: The Oppenheim Family () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal.

Q: What is Grodno Region?
A: Grodno/Hrodna Region is a voblast (province) in northwestern Belarus.

Q: What is DYLS-TV?
A: DYLS-TV, channel 27, is a commercial television station of Philippine television station GTV.

Q: What is Aubange?
A: Aubange is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

Q: What is Steve-O?
A: Steve-O (born Stephen Gilchrist Glover; June 13, 1974) is a British-Canadian-American stunt performer, comedian, actor, and TV personality.

Q: What is Port Harcourt?
A: Port Harcourt is the largest city in Rivers State, Nigeria and capital of Rivers State, Nigeria.

Q: What is Zaï?
A: Zaï is a technique used in agriculture.

Q: What is Creditor?
A: A creditor is a person who loans money to another person.

Q: What is Famicom 3D System?
A: The Famicom 3D System is an accessory produced by Nintendo for the Family Computer video game console and was released in 1987 only in Japan.

Q: What is Renewable energy in developing countries?
A: Most developing countries have good renewable energy resources, including solar energy, wind power, geothermal energy, and biomass.

Q: What is Imelda Marcos?
A: Imelda Marcos (born Imelda Remedios Visitacion Romualdez on July 2, 1929) is a Filipino government person and widow of 10th Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos.

Q: What is Gracixalus medogensis?
A: The Medog bubble-nest frog or Medog small tree frog (Gracixalus medogensis) is a frog.

Q: What is Baton Rouge, Louisiana?
A: Baton Rouge is the French capital and second-largest city of the U.S.

Q: What is Walter (footballer, born 1912)?
A: Walter de Souza Goulart (17 July 1912 &ndash; 13 November 1951), known as just Walter, was a Brazilian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

Q: What is Javier Solana?
A: Francisco Javier Solana de Madariaga (born July 14, 1942 in Madrid) is a Spanish physicist, politician and diplomat.

Q: What is My Hometown?
A: "My Hometown" is a 1985 song by Bruce Springsteen.

Q: What is Electoral Palatinate?
A: Electoral Palatinate (German: Kurpfalz, Bavarian: Kurpfoiz) was a palatinate in the Holy Roman Empire.

Q: What is Aberystwyth University?
A: Aberystwyth University () is a public research university in Aberystwyth, Wales.

Q: What is Renault 4?
A: ) ) Renault 4 was a car produced by Renault from 1961 through 1992.

Q: What is Liam Hemsworth?
A: Liam Hemsworth (born 13 January 1990) is an Australian actor.

Q: What is Sainte-Anne-d'Auray?
A: Sainte-Anne-d'Auray (; ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.

Q: What is 1802?
A: 1802 (MDCCCII) was a common year starting on Friday in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Wednesday in the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Wedge?
A: The term wedge may mean many things.

Q: What is Saint Helena (disambiguation)?
A: Saint Helena can mean: *Saint Helena of Constantinople, Roman empress and the mother of Emperor Constantine the Great *Saint Helena of Skövde, Swedish 12th century saint *The remote British-controlled island of Saint Helena *Saint Helena, a barrier island of South Carolina (United States) *villages and a city in the United States **St.

Q: What is Trade (sports)?
A: In professional sports, a trade is when one (or more) player's contract and/or draft picks is traded between sports teams.

Q: What is Confederate History Month?
A: Confederate History Month is a month designated by seven state governments in the Southern United States for the purpose of recognizing and honoring the Confederate States of America.

Q: What is Blacktown?
A: Blacktown is a suburb in the City of Blacktown in New South Wales, Australia.

Q: What is A Visit to the Nursery?
A: A Visit to the Nursery is an oil painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard.

Q: What is Liz Sheridan?
A: Elizabeth Ann Sheridan (April 10, 1929 &ndash; April 15, 2022) was an American actress and dancer.

Q: What is Apollo Crews?
A: Sesugh Uhaa (born August 22, 1987), better known by his ring name Apollo Crews, is a Nigerian-American professional wrestler.

Q: What is This City?
A: "This City" is the first solo mainstream radio single released by American pop singer-songwriter Patrick Stump off the debut album Soul Punk under Island Def Jam Records on July 26, 2011 on his blog.

Q: What is Lakshmipur District?
A: Lakshmipur or Laxmipur District (, Lakshmipur Jela also Lakshmipur Zila) with an area of 1455.96&nbsp;km², is a district of Bangladesh.

Q: What is Vince Clarke?
A: Vince Clarke (born 3 July 1960) was the original lead songwriter for Depeche Mode.

Q: What is Opera Air?
A: Opera Air is a version of the web browser Opera for mindfulness.

Q: What is Bulawayo Athletic Club?
A: Bulawayo Athletic Club is an international cricket ground in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe.

Q: What is Steve Bannon?
A: Stephen Kevin 'Steve' Bannon (born November 27, 1953) is an American campaign manager, businessman and media executive and former Counselor and Senior Adviser to Donald Trump.

Q: What is John Crowe Ransom?
A: John Crowe Ransom (April 30, 1888 – July 3, 1974) was an American poet, teacher, literary critic, and essayist.

Q: What is Blessed (Martina McBride song)?
A: "Blessed" is a 2001 song by country singer Martina McBride and is the second single from her greatest hits album Greatest Hits.

Q: What is Robert Parker (singer)?
A: Robert Parker (October 14, 1930 – January 19, 2020) was an American R&B singer and musician.

Q: What is Kevin Rudolf?
A: Kevin Winston Rudolf (born February 17, 1983) is an American musician, director, actor, and record producer from New York City, New York.

Q: What is Broadway–City Hall station?
A: Broadway–City Hall is a train station in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Q: What is Fábio Nunes?
A: Fábio Nunes may refer to: *Fábio Nunes (Brazilian footballer) (born 1980), Brazilian footballer *Fábio Nunes (Portuguese footballer) (born 1992), Portuguese footballer.

Q: What is Abominable (2019 movie)?
A: Abominable (known as: Everest) is a computer animated movie made by DreamWorks Amimation and Pearl Studio.

Q: What is Mount Stromlo?
A: Mount Stromlo is west of the centre of Canberra, Australia, near the district of Weston Creek.

Q: What is Mad Libs?
A: Mad Libs is a fill-in-the-blank word game invented during the 1950's by Roger Price and Leonard B.

Q: What is Sanchaman Limboo?
A: Sanchaman Limboo (15 January 1947 – 8 November 2020) was an Indian politician.

Q: What is Louisville, Illinois?
A: Louisville is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Q: What is Moutiers-sur-le-Lay?
A: Moutiers-sur-le-Lay is a commune.

Q: What is Proto-Algonquian language?
A: The Proto-Algonquian language is the an ancestor of all Algonquian languages.

Q: What is Arturo Fernández Rodríguez?
A: Arturo Fernández Rodríguez (21 February 1929 – 4 July 2019) was a Spanish actor.

Q: What is Hyrax?
A: Hyrax also called dassie is any of four species of thick, herbivorous mammals in the order Hyracoidea, any of six species of small hoofed mammal (ungulates) native to Africa and extreme southwestern Asia.

Q: What is Stephanskirchen?
A: Stephanskirchen (Bavarian: Stephanskircha or Steffeskirch) is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district (Landkreis) in Upper Bavaria.

Q: What is Zambia women's national under-17 football team?
A: The Zambia women's national under-17 football team is a national association football youth team of Zambia and is controlled by the Football Association of Zambia.

Q: What is Hillel Slovak?
A: Hillel Slovak (April 13, 1962 – June 25, 1988) was an Israeli-American musician.

Q: What is Passenger from the "Equator"?
A: Passenger from the "Equator" () is a 1968 Soviet adventure movie directed by Aleksandr Kurochkin.

Q: What is Venkata Satish Kilaru?
A: Venkata Satish Kilaru (born 18 May) is an Indian film producer and entrepreneur who works primarily in Telugu cinema.

Q: What is Elkins Park, Pennsylvania?
A: Elkins Park is an unincorporated community in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Q: What is Takashi Hirajima?
A: Takashi Hirajima (born 3 February 1982) is a Japanese football player.

Q: What is Münster Government Region?
A: Münster is one of the five Regierungsbezirke of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, in the north of the state.

Q: What is Bryophyte?
A: bodies and the brown stalks are diploid sporophytes.

Q: What is Samira Wiley?
A: Samira Denise Wiley (born April 15, 1987) is an American actress.

Q: What is Great Seal of the Philippines?
A: The Great Seal of the Philippines (Filipino: Dakilang Sagisag ng Pilipinas) is a special mark used on important government papers in the Philippines.

Q: What is Cobalt blue?
A: Cobalt blue is a cool blue colour.

Q: What is Dmitry Kharatyan?
A: Dmitry Kharatyan PAR (born Dmitry Vadimovich Kharatyan () 21 January 1960) is a Russian actor.

Q: What is Watch Hill, Rhode Island?
A: Watch Hill is a wealthy summer resort.

Q: What is Michael Dell?
A: Michael Saul Dell (born February 23, 1965) is an American businessman.

Q: What is Salem, New Hampshire?
A: Salem is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Q: What is Ballonmuseum Gersthofen?
A: The Ballonmuseum Gersthofen was started in 1985 on appr.

Q: What is Mirror Lake (Mount Hood, Oregon)?
A: Mirror Lake is a mountain lake in Clackamas County of the U.S.

Q: What is The Adventures of God?
A: The Adventures of God () is a 2000 Argentine fantasy drama movie directed by Eliseo Subiela and starring Pasta Dioguardi, Flor Sabatella, Daniel Freire, Lorenzo Quinteros, María Concepción César.

Q: What is Victoria River (Northern Territory)?
A: The Victoria River is in longest river in the Northern Territory of Australia.

Q: What is Eleonora Gay?
A: Eleonora Gay is an Italian water polo player and coach.

Q: What is Extraordinary Lord of Session?
A: From 1532 to 1762, Extraordinary Lords of Session were regular people who were members of the Court of Session in Scotland.

Q: What is Ossipee, New Hampshire?
A: , Ossipee is a town in and the county seat of Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Q: What is M11 motorway?
A: The M11 is a motorway in South East England.

Q: What is Luigi's Mansion 3?
A: Luigi's Mansion 3 is a 2019 video game made by Nintendo.

Q: What is Paulina Porizkova?
A: Paulina Porizkova (born 9 April 1965 in the Czech Republic) is a Czech-American model and actress.

Q: What is Infanta Luisa Fernanda, Duchess of Montpensier?
A: Infanta María Luisa Fernanda of Spain, Duchess of Montpensier (30 January 1832 &ndash; 2 February 1897) was Infanta of Spain by birth and was the Duchess o Montpensier after her 1846 mairriage to a son of King Louis Philippe I of the French.

Q: What is Kwadwo Owusu Afriyie?
A: Kwadwo Owusu Afriyie (popularly known as Sir John) (1957 &ndash; July 1, 2020) was a Ghanaian lawyer and politician.

Q: What is Joel Osteen?
A: Joel Scott Osteen (born March 5, 1963) is an American author, televangelist, and the senior pastor of Lakewood Church in Houston, Texas.

Q: What is Ohio Senate?
A: The Ohio State Senate is the upper house of the Ohio General Assembly.

Q: What is Kim Il-sung Square?
A: Kim Il-sung Square is the national square of North Korea.

Q: What is Gracie Abrams discography?
A: American singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams has released two studio albums, two live albums, three extended plays (EP), and 23 singles, including one as a featured artist.

Q: What is New York Liberty?
A: The New York Liberty are an American professional basketball team.

Q: What is San Francisco Symphony Orchestra?
A: The San Francisco Symphony (SFS) is a world-famous orchestra based in San Francisco, California.

Q: What is Grethe Fatima Syéd?
A: Grethe Fatima Syéd (born 1 January 1968) is a Norwegian literary scholar, translator and author.

Q: What is Lifestyle Holidays Vacation Club?
A: Lifestyle Holidays Vacation Club is one of the largest resort complexes in the Dominican Republic.

Q: What is Christine Lagarde?
A: Christine Madeleine Odette Lagarde (née Lallouette) (born 1 January 1956) is a French lawyer and politician.

Q: What is Barshong Gewog?
A: Barshong Gewog is one of the twelve counties of Tsirang District in Bhutan.

Q: What is Bordelonville, Louisiana?
A: Bordelonville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Zotikov Glacier?
A: Zotikov Glacier () is a glacier in Antarctica that merges into another glacier.

Q: What is Nastika?
A: Astika (Sanskrit: : "orthodox") and Nastika: ("heterodox") are technical terms in Hinduism used to classify philosophical schools and persons, according to whether they accept the authority of the Vedas as supreme revealed scriptures, or not.

Q: What is Miani, Chakwal?
A: Miani is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil.

Q: What is Hutchinson County?
A: Hutchinson County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Hutchinson County, South Dakota * Hutchinson County, Texas.

Q: What is Levenshulme?
A: Levenshulme is an urban area of Manchester in North West England on the borders of Longsight, Gorton, Burnage and Stockport.

Q: What is Equirectangular projection?
A: ; the standard parallel is the equator.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Limoux?
A: The arrondissement of Limoux is an arrondissement of France.

Q: What is ASCII art?
A: { | _ ____ ____ ___ ___ _ / \ / ___| / ___|_ _|_ _| __ _ _ __| |_ / _ \ \___ \| | | | | | / _` | '__| __| / ___ \ ___) | |___ | | | | | (_| | | | |_ /_/ \_\____/ \____|___|___| \__,_|_| \__| A more complicated version of ASCII art.

Q: What is Yester-Me, Yester-You, Yesterday?
A: "Yester-Me, Yester-You, Yesterday" is a 1969 song by Stevie Wonder.

Q: What is ORF?
A: Österreichischer Rundfunk (shortened to ORF, literally, Austrian Broadcasting Corporation) is the name for the state-controlled media agency producing radio and tv programmes.

Q: What is Saint-Étienne-de-Mer-Morte?
A: Saint-Étienne-de-Mer-Morte is a commune.

Q: What is Meryem Sevin?
A: Meryem Sevin (20 February 1960 – 28 October 2007) was a Turkish poet and lyricist.

Q: What is Ariyalur?
A: Ariyalur is a town and district headquarters of Ariyalur district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu and rich lime stone and surrounded with five cement factory and two suger factory.

Q: What is Hakuto-R Mission 1?
A: Hakuto-R Mission 1 was the first mission of the Hakuto-R Programme.

Q: What is Pain disorder?
A: Pain disorder is a condition where a patient experiences chronic pain in different places in the body; this pain seems to be caused by psychological stress.

Q: What is Eritrea at the Olympics?
A: Eritrea (ERI) was first at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia.

Q: What is Erskine Hamilton Childers?
A: Erskine Hamilton Childers (11 December 1905 – 17 November 1974), was the son of Robert Erskine Childers (author of the spy thriller The Riddle of the Sands.

Q: What is Hawk Nelson?
A: Hawk Nelson is a Christian rock band from Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.

Q: What is Wario World?
A: Wario World is a platform/beat 'em up video game published by Nintendo and developed by Treasure.

Q: What is Elbasan?
A: Elbasan is a city in central Albania.

Q: What is The Cranes Are Flying?
A: The Cranes Are Flying (, translit.&nbsp;Letyat zhuravli) is a 1957 Russian World War II romantic drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov and starring Aleksey Batalov, Tatiana Samoilova, Nikolay Smorchkov, Vasili Merkuryev, Svetlana Kharitonova, Valentin Zubkov.

Q: What is NATO bombing of Yugoslavia?
A: From 24 March to 10 June 1999, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) had carried out many bombing operations against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia during the Kosovo War.

Q: What is Tessa Jowell?
A: Tessa Jane Helen Douglas Jowell, Baroness Jowell (née Palmer 17 September 1947 &ndash; 12 May 2018) was an English Labour Party politician.

Q: What is Nyctimantis arapapa?
A: Nyctimantis arapapa is the broad-snout casque-headed tree frog.

Q: What is Birthday cake?
A: The birthday cake is part of birthday celebrations in European countries since 19th century.

Q: What is Pope Tawadros II of Alexandria?
A: Pope Tawadros II (born as Wagih Subhi Baqj Sulayman on Coptic calendar: [25 Paopi 1668]) is the current and 118th pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria succeeding the late Pope Shenouda III as the pope of the Coptic Orthodox Patriarchate of Alexandria.

Q: What is Nerea Camacho?
A: Nerea Camacho (born Nerea Camacho Ramos, 15 May 1996 in Balanegra, Spain), is a Spanish actress.

Q: What is Don Edmunds?
A: Don Edmunds (September 23, 1930 – August 12, 2020) was an American racecar driver and car builder.

Q: What is State Information Service?
A: The State Information Service is an Egyptian government agency.

Q: What is Cottageville, South Carolina?
A: Cottageville is a town in Colleton County, South Carolina According to the United States Census Bureau, Cottageville has a total area of , all land.

Q: What is Kamala Harris?
A: Kamala Devi Harris (; born October 20, 1964) is an American politician and attorney who served as the 49th vice president of the United States under Joe Biden from 2021 to 2025.

Q: What is Ammonium carbonate?
A: Ammonium carbonate, also known as baker's ammonia or sal volatile, is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Zenit Kazan?
A: VC Zenit-Kazan (Russian: Зенит-Казань) (formerly "Dinamo Tattransgaz Kazan") is a professional volleyball team based in Kazan, Russia.

Q: What is Gadsden, Alabama?
A: Gadsden is a city and the county seat of Etowah County, northeastern Alabama, United States, about 60 miles northeast of Birmingham.

Q: What is Boxholm?
A: Boxholm is an urban area in the county of Östergötland in Sweden.

Q: What is Lalongue?
A: Lalongue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely?
A: "Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely" is a pop ballad from the American boy band Backstreet Boys, taken from their third studio album, Millennium.

Q: What is J-card?
A: A J-card is a paper in a audio cassette case or sometimes with Blu-ray and DVD cases.

Q: What is Borodin Quartet?
A: The Borodin Quartet is a string quartet that was founded in 1945 in what was then the Soviet Union.

Q: What is Corfu (city)?
A: Corfu city is the capital of the Corfu Island and it is one of the most beautiful cities in the east Mediterranean.

Q: What is Diepenbeek?
A: Diepenbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg.

Q: What is Yellowstone Kelly?
A: Yellowstone Kelly is a 1959 American western movie.

Q: What is Hi-Five (Israeli band)?
A: Hi-Five was an Israeli boy band that operated from 1996 to 2000.

Q: What is Tadanobu Asano?
A: Tadanobu Asano is a Japanese actor, musician and painter.

Q: What is Colon Cemetery?
A: Colon Cemetery is the national cemetery of Cuba.

Q: What is Nedo Kuchung Rinpoche?
A: Nedo Kuchung Rinpoche (or Nendo Rinpoche ) is a Buddhist teacher (lama) and meditation master from the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.

Q: What is Drosophila melanogaster?
A: Drosophila melanogaster is a small, common fly found near rotting fruit.

Q: What is HGTV (British and Irish TV channel)?
A: HGTV (means "Home and Garden Television" and used to be named "Home") is a British and Irish television channel that shows home and gardening content.

Q: What is Two Memories?
A: Two Memories is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D.

Q: What is Garnierite?
A: Garnierite is a name for an ore of nickel.

Q: What is Times Square Ball?
A: The Times Square Ball is a time ball (a ball dropped at a certain time) at the top of the One Times Square building in Times Square in New York City.

Q: What is Prads-Haute-Bléone?
A: Prads-Haute-Bléone is a commune of 174 people (2022).

Q: What is Catford?
A: Catford is a district in South-East London.

Q: What is The Ruling Class?
A: The Ruling Class is a British dark comedy-drama movie.

Q: What is Ornacieux?
A: Ornacieux-Combeau is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.

Q: What is Cyclone Tauktae?
A: Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Tauktae () was a powerful Arabian Sea tropical cyclone in May 2021.

Q: What is Lynn Harrell?
A: Lynn Harrell (January 30, 1944 – April 27, 2020) was an American classical cellist.

Q: What is Jack McConnell?
A: Jack Wilson McConnell, Baron McConnell of Glenscorrodale, (born 30 June 1960) is a Scottish politician who was First Minister of Scotland and Leader of the Labour Party in Scotland from 2001 to 2007.

Q: What is Nador?
A: Nador (Berber: Nnaḍua, ⴻⵏⵏⴰⴹⵓⵔ; Arabic: الناظور or الناضور) is a coastal city in the northeastern Rif region of Morocco It is the Capital city.

Q: What is Andrea de Cesaris?
A: Andrea de Cesaris (31 May 19595 October 2014) was an Italy He was in many car accidents during his career.

Q: What is Jocelyn Bell Burnell?
A: , showing synchrotron emission in the surrounding pulsar wind nebula.

Q: What is Sonya Balmores?
A: Sonya Balmores (born June 23, 1986) is an American actress, model, and surfer.

Q: What is Khalil Al Qaheri?
A: Khalil Al-Qaheri (; born December 21, 1986, Manama, Bahrain) is a Bahraini Entrepreneur, entrepreneurship speaker and author, who is known for his Seminars and Entrepreneurship publications on the principles of Bahrain′s mass medias.

Q: What is Messerschmitt Me 210?
A: The Messerschmitt Me 210 is a military plane.

Q: What is Kim Jong-il?
A: Kim Jong-il, birth name Yuri Irsenovich Kim (according to the Soviet Union's records) (, 16 February 1941 – 17 December 2011) was the Supreme Leader of Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) from the time of his father's death in 1994 until his own death in 2011.

Q: What is Jamestown, Saint Helena?
A: Jamestown is a harbour and the capital of the British island of Saint Helena.

Q: What is Human rights in Gabon?
A: Gabon, also known as the Gabonese Republic is a sovereign state located in Central Africa along the Atlantic coastline.

Q: What is February 31?
A: February 31 or 31 February does not exist in both Julian calendar and Gregorian calendar.

Q: What is Filza Khamidullin?
A: Filza Khamidullin (; 3 January 1936 – 5 January 2022) was a Russian economist and politician.

Q: What is Clarence "Jeep" Jones?
A: Clarence “Jeep” Jones (April 17, 1933 – February 1, 2020) was an American community activist.

Q: What is Coat of arms of Croatia?
A: The coat of arms of Croatia () consists of one main shield and five smaller shields that form a crown over the main shield.

Q: What is Claire Underwood?
A: Claire Underwood is a fictional character from the Netflix television series House of Cards.

Q: What is Aquele Beijo?
A: Aquele Beijo (That Kiss) is a Brazilian historical telenovela.

Q: What is Al-Nasr SC (Dubai)?
A: Al-Nasr Dubai is a football club which plays in the United Arab Emirates.

Q: What is Oakes, North Dakota?
A: Oakes is a city in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States.

Q: What is Brympton?
A: Brympton is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England.

Q: What is Yumi Nakano?
A: Yumi Nakano (born 1 July 1986) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2015 World Aquatic Championships.

Q: What is Brian?
A: Portrait of a Dog: "Brian: Portrait of a Dog" is the seventh episode and the season finale of the first season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.

Q: What is Peter Lamont?
A: Peter Curtis Lamont (12 November 1929 – 18 December 2020) was a British set decorator, art director, and production designer.

Q: What is Cough?
A: A cough, also known as tussis, is an action the body takes to get rid of anything that irritates the lungs or throat.

Q: What is Sigoyer, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence?
A: Sigoyer is a commune of 101 people (2022).

Q: What is AgustaWestland?
A: AgustaWestland is a British and Italian company.

Q: What is Viktor Medvedchuk?
A: Viktor Volodymyrovych Medvedchuk (; born 7 August 1954) is a Ukraine Later in 2022, he was sent from Ukraine to Russia.

Q: What is AIK IF?
A: AIF IF is the ice hockey section of sports club Allmänna Idrottsklubben in the town of Solna Municipality in Sweden.

Q: What is Oakley, Inc.?
A: Oakley is a brand of popular sports products, especially sunglasses.

Q: What is Never Ride?
A: "Never Ride", is a 2022 single by a South African record producer professionally known as Mashbeatz, it became a sleeper hit; going viral on a video sharing platform TikTok a week after its release.

Q: What is Altmühltal?
A: Altmühltal is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (federation of municipalities) in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen and Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Q: What is Sudbury Basin?
A: The Sudbury Basin is a major geologic structure in Ontario, Canada.

Q: What is Natalie Appleton?
A: Natalie Jane Appleton Howlett (born 14 May, 1973) is a Canadian pop singer and actress.

Q: What is Sheriff Oborevwori?
A: Sheriff Oborevwori (born on June 19, 1963) is a Nigerian politician and the present executive Governor of Delta State.

Q: What is List of places burned during the Balkan wars?
A: List of places burned during the Balkan Wars (1912-1913) is a list of places totally or partly burned during the Balkan Wars (1912-1913).

Q: What is Clupeiformes?
A: , Clupea harengus Clupeiformes is an order of ray-finned fish that includes the herring family Clupeidae, and the anchovy family Engraulidae.

Q: What is Ejnar Hertzsprung?
A: Ejnar Hertzsprung (8 October 1873 – 21 October 1967) was a Danish chemist and astronomer born in Copenhagen.

Q: What is Ben Cooper?
A: Ben Cooper (September 30, 1933 – February 24, 2020) was an American actor.

Q: What is Gerhard Sommer?
A: Gerhard Sommer (24 June 1921 – 2019) was a SS-Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in the 16th SS Panzergrenadier Division Reichsführer-SS.

Q: What is Patricia Roc?
A: Patricia Roc (7 June 1915 &ndash; 30 December 2003), born Felicia Miriam Ursula Herold, was a British movie actress.

Q: What is Rock Demers?
A: Rock Demers, (December 11, 1933 – August 17, 2021) was a Canadian movie producer.

Q: What is The Offspring (album)?
A: The Offspring is the first album by The Offspring.

Q: What is Hyrule Warriors?
A: Hyrule Warriors is a video game for the Wii U console.

Q: What is Dick Smith (businessman)?
A: Richard Harold Smith (born 18 March 1944) is an Australian businessman, aviator, philanthropist and political activist.

Q: What is Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo?
A: Maria Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo (born 5 April 1947) is a Filipino politician who was the President of the Philippines from 2001 to 2010 and the Vice-President from 1998 to 2001.

Q: What is 2020 United States Senate election in Texas?
A: An election happened on November 3, 2020, to elect a Senator from the U.S.

Q: What is Jean-Pierre Schmitz?
A: Jean-Pierre Schmitz (Jempy Schmitz; February 15, 1932 – November 14, 2017) was a Luxembourgian professional road bicycle racer.

Q: What is Milvian bridge?
A: The Milvian (or Mulvian) Bridge is a bridge over the Tiber River in northern Rome, Italy.

Q: What is Ernolsheim-lès-Saverne?
A: Ernolsheim-lès-Saverne is a commune.

Q: What is Chínipas Municipality?
A: Chínipas is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico.

Q: What is Puducherry district?
A: Puducherry district is one of the four districts of the union territory of Puducherry in southern India.

Q: What is Mountain stream tree frog?
A: The mountain stream tree frog, northern tops frog, leaf green river tree frog or Barrington tops frog (Ranoidea barringtonensis) is a tree frog from Australia.

Q: What is Scottish people?
A: Scottish people or Scots are people native to Scotland or who are descended from a native of Scotland.

Q: What is Stefan Löfven?
A: Kjell Stefan Löfven (born 21 July 1957) was the Prime Minister of Sweden from 2014 until 2021.

Q: What is 2010 US Open – Men's Doubles?
A: Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Martin Damm and Filip Polášek 6–7(7), 6–3, 6–4.

Q: What is Biochemistry?
A: Biochemistry is the study of chemical reactions in living beings, and of biological molecules in general.

Q: What is Burl Ives?
A: (1958) Burl Icle Ivanhoe Ives (June 14, 1909 - April 14, 1995) was an American actor and folk singer.

Q: What is Strausberg?
A: lake Strausberg is a town in Brandenburg, Germany.

Q: What is Goldie?
A: Goldie is a 1931 American romantic comedy movie directed by Benjamin Stoloff and was a remake of the 1928 movie A Girl in Every Port.

Q: What is Portable classroom?
A: A Portable classroom is a type of portable building.

Q: What is Statistician?
A: A statistician is someone who works with theoretical or applied statistics.

Q: What is Narragansett Bay?
A: Narragansett Bay is a coastal body of water next to southern Rhode Island.

Q: What is We shall fight on the beaches?
A: "We shall fight on the beaches" is a speech by the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom on 4 June 1940.

Q: What is Esteban Edward Torres?
A: Esteban Edward Torres (January 27, 1930 &ndash; January 25, 2022) was an American politician.

Q: What is Battle of Waterloo?
A: The Battle of Waterloo was a battle that was fought between the French on one side and the British and the Prussians on the other.

Q: What is Robert Blum?
A: Robert Max Blum (November 24, 1928 – November 27, 2022) was a fencer from USA.

Q: What is Warsaw Uprising (1794)?
A: The Warsaw Uprising of 1794 (also called the "Warsaw Insurrection") was started by a group of Polish people who lived in Warsaw.

Q: What is Thru the Mirror?
A: Thru the Mirror is a Mickey Mouse cartoon short movie produced by Walt Disney Productions.

Q: What is President of Bulgaria?
A: The President of the Republic of Bulgaria is the head of state of Bulgaria and the commander-in-chief of the Military of Bulgaria.

Q: What is 1928 Berlin international athletics meeting?
A: The 1928 Berlin international athletics meeting was international men's and women's athletics competition in Berlin, Germany held in the stadium of Berlin.

Q: What is Hilfikon?
A: Hilfikon was a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Q: What is Elena Dukhanova?
A: Elena Dukhanova (born 10 September 1994) is an Uzbekistani water polo player.

Q: What is Pineal gland?
A: The pineal gland is a small endocrine gland in the middle of the brain of humans and other vertebrates.

Q: What is The Disappearance of Finbar?
A: The Disappearance of Finbar is a 1996 Irish Swedish mystery drama movie directed by Sue Clayton and starring Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Colin Farrell, Lorraine Pilkington.

Q: What is Sant Just Desvern?
A: Sant Just Desvern is a municipality of 18,670 people (2020).

Q: What is Garrison (disambiguation)?
A: A garrison is a unit of troops or its headquarters.

Q: What is Saint-Martin-sur-Cojeul?
A: Saint-Martin-sur-Cojeul is a commune.

Q: What is Bayamón, Puerto Rico?
A: Bayamón () is a city of Puerto Rico located in the northern coastal valley.

Q: What is Vice President of Bolivia?
A: The Vice President of the Plurinational State of Bolivia () or Vice President of Bolivia (), is the second highest political position in Bolivia.

Q: What is Telkibánya?
A: Telkibánya is a village in Gönc District of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County.

Q: What is Zhangixalus burmanus?
A: The Patsarlamdam flying frog, Yunnan flying frog, Gongshan tree frog, or Burmese gliding tree frog (Zhangixalus burmanus) is a frog.

Q: What is Neuchâtel Xamax FCS?
A: Neuchâtel Xamax FCS is a Swiss football club from Neuchâtel which plays in the Swiss Challenge League.

Q: What is Cuban Revolution?
A: The Cuban Revolution (1953-1959) was an armed revolt in the mid-1950's.

Q: What is Ray Bradbury?
A: Ray Douglas Bradbury (August 22, 1920 – June 5, 2012) was an American writer and screenwriter.

Q: What is Avi Ran?
A: Avi Ran () (August 25, 1963 – July 11, 1987) was an Israeli football player.

Q: What is Happy hormone?
A: "Happy hormones" are secreted by various glands and regions of the brain, such as the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, and adrenal gland.

Q: What is Springtail?
A: Springtails (Collembola) are six-legged arthropods.

Q: What is Greatest Hits (The Cars album)?
A: Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the new wave band The Cars.

Q: What is Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go?
A: "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go" is a 1984 song by English pop duo Wham! and is taken from their second studio album Make It Big.

Q: What is Daikon?
A: Daikon (Japanese for 'big root') or mooli, Raphanus sativus var.

Q: What is Weird?
A: The Al Yankovic Story: Weird: The Al Yankovic Story is a 2022 American biographical parody movie directed by Eric Appel (in his movie directorial debut), who co-wrote the screenplay with "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Q: What is Diva (Beyoncé song)?
A: "Diva" is a 2009 song by Beyoncé and is third single from her third studio album I Am..

Q: What is Curium?
A: Curium is a synthetic chemical element in the periodic table that has the atomic number 96.

Q: What is Marlborough District?
A: Marlborough () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand.

Q: What is Piano Concerto No. 4 (Beethoven)?
A: Ludwig van Beethoven's Piano Concerto No.

Q: What is No Wow?
A: No Wow is the second studio album by indie rock band The Kills.

Q: What is Sad Songs (Say So Much)?
A: "Sad Songs (Say So Much)" is a 1984 song by Elton John and is the lead single from his 18th studio album Breaking Hearts.

Q: What is Reform Judaism?
A: Progressive Judaism, sometimes called Reform Judaism is a change of beliefs within Judaism.

Q: What is Flying Tigers?
A: The Flying Tigers were a group of American fighter pilots from the United States Army Air Force, the United States Navy, and the United States Marine Corps.

Q: What is The Daily Star (Bangladesh)?
A: The Daily Star is a daily English-language newspaper in Bangladesh.

Q: What is Romano Canavese?
A: Romano Canavese is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Q: What is Adrenalize?
A: Adrenalize is the fifth studio album by English heavy metal band Def Leppard and was released on 30 March, 1992 through Mercury Records.

Q: What is Möhrendorf?
A: Möhrendorf is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Couch?
A: A couch, sofa or settee is a kind of furniture that is designed to seat more than one person.

Q: What is Zlata Filipović?
A: Zlata Filipović (born ) is a Bosnian-born Irish woman who kept a diary documenting life in Sarajevo, when it was besieged, during the Bosnian War.

Q: What is David Pryor?
A: David Hampton Pryor (August 29, 1934 &ndash; April 20, 2024) was an American Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives and United States Senator from the State of Arkansas.

Q: What is 2023 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament?
A: The 2023 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament was a single-elimination college basketball tournament.

Q: What is SC Telstar?
A: Sportclub Telstar (Dutch: [ˈspɔrtklʏp ˈtɛlstɑr]), better known as Telstar, is a professional football club from Velsen-Zuid in North Holland.

Q: What is Yelena Isinbayeva?
A: Yelena Gadzhievna Isinbayeva (3 June 1982) is a Russian former pole vaulter.

Q: What is Masoumeh Ebtekar?
A: Masoumeh Ebtekar (; born Masoumeh, Niloufar Ebtekar; 21 September 1960) is an Iranian politician, journalist and scientist.

Q: What is Hokkaidō?
A: , a gorge in the Daisetsu-zan Volcanic Area , also known as Ezo and Yezo, is a volcanic island in Japan.

Q: What is Aigues-Vives?
A: Aigues-Vives is the name of four communes in France: * Aigues-Vives, Ariège * Aigues-Vives, Aude * Aigues-Vives, Gard * Aigues-Vives, Hérault.

Q: What is Cleveland County?
A: Cleveland County is the name of three counties in the United States: * Cleveland County, Arkansas, named for Grover Cleveland, the twenty-second and twenty-fourth president of the United States * Cleveland County, North Carolina, named for Benjamin Cleveland, a colonel in the American Revolutionary War * Cleveland County, Oklahoma, named for Grover Cleveland.

Q: What is Dmytro Grabovskyy?
A: Dmytro Grabovskyy (, 30 September 1985 – 23 January 2017) was a Ukrainian-Israeli professional road bicycle racer.

Q: What is Calaca?
A: Calaca is a coastal component city in the province of Batangas, it is situated at the vicinity shore of Balayan Bay located near the capital city of Batangas City.

Q: What is Immurement?
A: Immurement (from Latin "immurus", meaning " wall in" or "enwall"), immuration or live entombment is a historical form of imprisonment, generally until death, in which someone is/was placed in an enclosed space with the opening walled off.

Q: What is Dayton, Oregon?
A: Dayton is a city in Yamhill County, Oregon, United States.

Q: What is Gustave Boulanger?
A: Gustave Clarence Rodolphe Boulanger (25 April 1824 – 22 September 1888) was a French painter.

Q: What is High School Musical 2?
A: High School Musical 2 is a 2007 Disney television movie movie.

Q: What is Chechen Wikipedia?
A: The Chechen Wikipedia — () is the Chechen language edition of Wikipedia.

Q: What is Kushtagi?
A: Kushtagi is a municipality in the Indian state of Karnataka.

Q: What is Katie Finucane?
A: Katie Finucane is an Australian water polo player and coach.

Q: What is Pi bond?
A: In chemistry, a pi bond (π bond) is a covalent chemical bond where the orbital path of one electron crosses (overlaps) with the path of another.

Q: What is Hydrogenosome?
A: A hydrogenosome is a membrane-enclosed organelle of some anaerobic ciliates, trichomonads, fungi and a few metazoa.

Q: What is Petting, Bavaria?
A: Petting is a village near Traunstein, in Bavaria.

Q: What is Krüden?
A: Krüden is a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

Q: What is Chivas USA?
A: Club Deportivo Chivas USA is an American football (soccer) team that played in Major League Soccer (MLS) in Carson, California.

Q: What is Greg Kinnear?
A: Gregory "Greg" Kinnear (born June 17, 1963) is an American actor.

Q: What is TVA (Canadian TV network)?
A: TVA is a Canadian French-language television network owned by Group TVA, a publicly traded subsidiary of Quebecor Media.

Q: What is 2007–08 Montreal Canadiens season?
A: The 2007–08 Montreal Canadiens season is their 98th season of play and 90th in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Ester Soldi?
A: Ester Soldi (born 15 February 1970 in Varese, Italy) is an Italian dressage rider.

Q: What is The Betsy?
A: The Betsy is a 1978 American sports romantic drama movie directed by Daniel Petrie and based on the novel of the same name by Harold Robbins.

Q: What is Machine pistol?
A: A machine pistol is a typically a handgun-style firearm that can fire fully automatic or burst fire.

Q: What is Marcos (footballer, born 1973)?
A: Marcos Roberto Silveira Reis (born 4 August 1973) is a Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Pancho Villa?
A: José Doroteo Arango Arámbula (5 June 1878 – 20 July 1923), better known by his nickname Pancho Villa, was a Mexican revolutionary leader who advocated for the poor and wanted agrarian reform.

Q: What is IPhone Air?
A: iPhone Air is a smartphone made and sold by Apple, part of the nineteenth generation of iPhones.

Q: What is Royal Canadian Air Force?
A: The Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF), formerly Air Command (AIRCOM), is the air force of Canada and is often called the Canadian Air Force.

Q: What is Misurata province?
A: Misurata Province (), or even "Misurata, Libya", was one of the provinces of Libya under Italian rule.

Q: What is Mohammed Basindawa?
A: Mohammed Salim Basindawa (; born 4 April 1935) is a Yemeni politician.

Q: What is Channing Tatum?
A: Channing Matthew Tatum (born on April 26, 1980 in Cullman, Alabama) is an American movie producer and actor.

Q: What is Joseph Overton?
A: Joseph Overton was a libertarian political commentator.

Q: What is Sing?
A: Chapter 1: Sing: Chapter 1 is a studio album from country superstar Wynonna Judd, to be released on February 3, 2009.

Q: What is Michel Aoun?
A: Michel Aoun (, ; born 18 February 1935) is a Lebanese politician.

Q: What is Paramount Parks?
A: Paramount Parks was an operator of theme parks and attractions.

Q: What is Šibovi?
A: Šibovi (Шибови) is a settlement in the Bosnia and Herzegovina, Republika Srpska entity, Kotor Varoš Municipality.

Q: What is Ukiah, California?
A: Ukiah ( ; formerly Ukiah City) is the county seat and largest city of Mendocino County, California.

Q: What is Surge?
A: Surge was a soft drink manufactured (made) by The Coca-Cola Company.

Q: What is Can You Hear Me? (2018 TV series)?
A: Can You Hear Me? () is a Quebecker television series that aired on Télé-Québec from December 15, 2018 to May 11, 2021, ran for three seasons and the series are internationally distributed by Netflix.

Q: What is Mount Tate?
A: Mount Tate is a mountain in the Mt.

Q: What is Balokassar?
A: Balokassar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil.

Q: What is Quasi-War?
A: The Quasi-War was an undeclared naval war fought between the United States and the French Republic between 1798 and 1801.

Q: What is John Betjeman?
A: John Betjeman (28 August 1906 – 19 May 1984) was a English poet.

Q: What is East Malaysia?
A: East Malaysia or Malaysian Borneo, is a term used to refer to the Malaysian section of Borneo.

Q: What is Jean-Pierre Fourcade?
A: Jean-Pierre Fourcade (born 18 October 1929) is a French politician.

Q: What is Independence Gate?
A: The Independence Gate (, ) is a Korean political memorial gate, in Seoul, South Korea.

Q: What is President of Armenia?
A: The president of Armenia (, Hayastani Nakhagah) is the head of state of Armenia.

Q: What is Cosmo and Wanda?
A: Cosmo Julius and Wanda Venus Cosma (née Fairywinkle) are fictional characters in the Nickelodeon animated series The Fairly OddParents.

Q: What is Colfax County, Nebraska?
A: Colfax County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Augusto Righi?
A: Augusto Righi (27 August 1850 – 8 June 1920) was an Italian physicist who was a big part in the study of electromagnetism.

Q: What is Gundagai?
A: Gundagai is a town in New South Wales, Australia.

Q: What is WAGR Eso class?
A: The WAGR Eso class were express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

Q: What is Febris?
A: Febris was the Roman goddess of fever.

Q: What is Leptodactylus sabanensis?
A: The Gran Sabana thin-toed frog (Leptodactylus sabanensis) is a frog.

Q: What is Another One Rides the Bus?
A: "Another One Rides the Bus" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Q: What is Bernie Nolan?
A: Bernadette Therese "Bernie" Nolan (17 October 1960 &ndash; 4 July 2013) was an Irish actress, singer, and television personality.

Q: What is Heliosphere?
A: The heliosphere is the magnetosphere, stellar wind bubble and outermost atmospheric layer of the Sun.

Q: What is Province of Ascoli Piceno?
A: The Province of Ascoli Piceno () is a province in the region of Marche in Italy.

Q: What is Constituent country?
A: A constituent country is a type of country that serves as an administrative division.

Q: What is Theloderma palliatum?
A: The cloaked moss frog or cloaked bug-eyed frog (Theloderma palliatum) is a frog.

Q: What is Gregorian calendar?
A: শরিফ মধ্যে বাংলাদেশ বরিশাল হিজলা থানা 01720564298 The Gregorian calendar is the calendar that is used throughout most of the world.

Q: What is Teen Titans (TV series)?
A: Teen Titans is an American animated superhero television series that was brought by characters by Bob Hanley and Bruno Premiani.

Q: What is Aalburg?
A: Aalburg is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant.

Q: What is CSI?
A: NY: CSI: NY (also known as Crime Scene Investigation: New York) is an American crime drama television series that was created by Anthony E.

Q: What is Chalcedon?
A: :For the Ecumenical Council of 451, see Council of Chalcedon.

Q: What is Janusz Palikot?
A: Janusz Marian Palikot, born in Biłgoraj on October 26, 1964, is a Polish politician, activist and businessman known for his controversial remarks.

Q: What is Viré-en-Champagne?
A: Viré-en-Champagne is a commune.

Q: What is Continental Marines?
A: The Continental Marines were the amphibious infantry of the American Colonies (and later the United States) during the American Revolutionary War.

Q: What is The Boy with No Name?
A: The Boy with No Name is an album by Indie pop band Travis and was released in May 2007.

Q: What is Lager Helgoland?
A: Lager Helgoland was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney in the Channel Islands, named after the Frisian Island of Heligoland (), a former British possession handed over to Germany in 1890.

Q: What is Leh?
A: Leh is a city in the Leh District of Ladakh.

Q: What is Makalu?
A: Makalu is the fifth tallest mountain of the world.

Q: What is Robat Karim?
A: Robat Karim () is a city in Tehran province, Iran.

Q: What is Brendon Urie?
A: Brendon Boyd Urie (born April 12, 1987 in St.

Q: What is Boltigen?
A: Boltigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Q: What is Pro Wrestling Guerrilla?
A: Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG) is a professional wrestling promotion founded in 2003 by Disco Machine, Excalibur, Joey Ryan, Scott Lost, Super Dragon and Top Gun Talwar.

Q: What is Soviet occupation of Ukraine?
A: On March 18, 1921, the Soviet occupation of Ukraine began, without any invasion between those two countries.

Q: What is Bluffdale, Utah?
A: Bluffdale is a city in Salt Lake and Utah counties in the U.S.

Q: What is Mugamoodi?
A: Mugamoodi ( Mask), subtitled onscreen as The Superhero Within, is a 2012 Indian Tamil-language superhero movie directed by Mysskin and produced by Ronnie Screwvala and Siddharth Roy Kapur.

Q: What is Song Ping?
A: Song Ping (; born 24 April 1917) is a Chinese Communist revolutionary.

Q: What is Tania Dalton?
A: Tania Dalton (née Nicolson; 26 November 1971 &ndash; 1 March 2017) was a New Zealand international netball player.

Q: What is North West Ambulance Service?
A: The North West Ambulance Service NHS Trust is the ambulance service for North West England.

Q: What is 2020 United States Senate election in Mississippi?
A: An election happened on November 3, 2020 to elect a Senator from the U.S.

Q: What is List of reptiles of Alabama?
A: Alabama is home to 93 indigenous reptile species.

Q: What is Deuce Bigalow?
A: European Gigolo: Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is a 2005 American comedy movie.

Q: What is Ruth Wilson?
A: Ruth Wilson (born 13 January 1982) is an English actress.

Q: What is P-type semiconductor?
A: A p-type semiconductor is one of two main types of semiconductors, the other being an n-type semiconductor.

Q: What is The Portrait (1915 movie)?
A: The Portrait () is a 1915 Russian silent horror movie directed by Ladislas Starevich.

Q: What is Virgin Group?
A: Virgin Group Ltd is a branded venture capital organization founded by British business tycoon Sir Richard Branson.

Q: What is Feldkirch (district)?
A: The Feldkirch District is a district in Vorarlberg, Austria.

Q: What is Hurricane Kenneth (2005)?
A: Hurricane Kenneth was the strongest hurricane in the 2005 Pacific hurricane season.

Q: What is Antalya?
A: in Antalya Antalya is a city in southern Turkey.

Q: What is Demons (Fatboy Slim song)?
A: "Demons" is a 2001 song by Fatboy Slim featuring Macy Gray.

Q: What is Steve Harwell?
A: Steven Scott Harwell (9 January 1967 – 4 September 2023) was an American singer who was the lead vocalist for the American band Smash Mouth.

Q: What is Hungary at the Olympics?
A: Hungary at the Olympics is a history which began at the first Olympic Games in 1896.

Q: What is Germantown, Ohio?
A: Germantown is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Q: What is Brinkmanship?
A: has been described as brinkmanship.

Q: What is Home (soundtrack)?
A: Home: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album by Barbadian singer Rihanna and various artists for Home.

Q: What is Anushka Sharma?
A: Anushka Sharma (; born 1 May 1988) is an source- filmynonstop.com Her debut movie was :en:Rab_Ne_Bana_Di_Jodi|Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi(2008) in which she acted with Shah Rukh Khan.

Q: What is Jörg Buttgereit?
A: Jörg Buttgereit (born 20 December 1963) is a German director, producer and screenwriter.

Q: What is Ralph Hasenhüttl?
A: Ralph Hasenhüttl ( born 9 August 1967) is an Austrian professional football manager and former player.

Q: What is Patrick Ky?
A: Patrick Ky was the Head of the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) from 1st of September 2013 to 31.

Q: What is Heritage railway?
A: 4MT 2-6-4T tank engine takes on water at Bishops Lydeard station on the West Somerset Railway, Somerset, England.

Q: What is Scott Ryan (Australian politician)?
A: Scott Michael Ryan (born 12 May 1973) is an Australian politician.

Q: What is Tylototriton verrucosus?
A: The Himalayan Newt (Tylototriton verrucosus) is a species of salamander found in South Asia and Southeast Asia.

Q: What is Beethoven Concerto?
A: Beethoven Concerto () is a 1936 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Gavronsky and Vladimir Schmidtgof.

Q: What is Madina Nalwanga?
A: Madina Nalwanga (born February 2, 2002) became famous for her lead role in Disney's Queen of Katwe.

Q: What is Brunsbüttel?
A: Brunsbüttel is a town of the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Q: What is Éric Laforge?
A: Éric Laforge (24 January 1964 – 15 February 2020) was a French radio host.

Q: What is Vignogn?
A: Vignogn was a municipality, in the new municipality of Lumnezia and the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Q: What is Saint-André-de-Corcy?
A: Saint-André-de-Corcy is a commune.

Q: What is Circular economy?
A: A circular economy (CE), also called circularity, is a model of making and using resources.

Q: What is Hide-and-seek?
A: Hide-and-seek (sometimes known as hide-and-go-seek) is a children's game where some players hide, and one or more players try to find them.

Q: What is Mighty Joe Young?
A: Mighty Joe Young is a 1949 movie about a giant gorilla, released on July 13, 1949.

Q: What is Arthyde, Minnesota?
A: Arthyde is an unincorporated community in Aitkin County, Minnesota.

Q: What is Luxurious?
A: "Luxurious" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, Love.

Q: What is Oberschrot?
A: Oberschrot was a municipality in the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Q: What is Kiteretsu Daihyakka?
A: Kiteretsu Daihyakka (キテレツ大百科), also known as Kiteretsu: El Primo mas listo de Nobita (English name: Kiteretsu - Nobita's smarter cousin in spain) or Kiteretsu Encyclopedia in english is a Japanese children's TV show from 1988, it was based off a manga by Fujiko Fujio (Fujimoto only).

Q: What is Sarail hound?
A: Sarail hounds are legendary dogs of Bangladesh.

Q: What is Federal Communications Commission?
A: The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent agency of the United States government.

Q: What is Barneveld, New York?
A: Barneveld is a hamlet (and census-designated place) located within the Trenton, New York Barneveld is located at (43.274087, -75.188710).

Q: What is Ken Evoy?
A: Ken Evoy (born September 25, 1953 in Montreal, Quebec) is an American Internet marketer known as the founder and Chairman of the Board of SiteSell.

Q: What is Johan de Jong?
A: Johan de Jong (26 March 1941 – 7 December 2022) was a Dutch biologist, barn owl expert and writer.

Q: What is South African National Defence Force?
A: The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) is the military of South Africa.

Q: What is Lado Gurgenidze?
A: Vladimer "Lado" Gurgenidze (; born 7 December 1970) is a Georgian banker, business executive, and the former politician.

Q: What is William Thornton?
A: William Thornton may refer to: *William E.

Q: What is Mushfiqur Rahim?
A: Mohammad Mushfiqur Rahim () (born 1 September 1988) is a Bangladeshi cricketer and the captain of his national team.

Q: What is Blake Slatkin?
A: Blake Slatkin (born October 16, 1997) is an American record producer and songwriter.

Q: What is National Federation of Republican Women?
A: The National Federation of Republican Women (NFRW) is a political action committee (PAC) that serves as the women's wing of the Republican Party in the United States.

Q: What is Orangeman's Day?
A: Orangeman's Day is the day that the Battle of the Boyne is commemorated in Northern Ireland.

Q: What is Abul Khayr Alonto?
A: Abul Khayr Dangcal Alonto (30 October 1945 – 9 May 2019) was a Filipino politician, lawyer and businessman.

Q: What is Skin whitening?
A: Skin whitening, skin lightening, or skin bleaching, is a technique of making a person's skin lighter.

Q: What is List of World Heritage Sites in Azerbaijan?
A: World Heritage Sites in Azerbaijan are places that are in the World Heritage Site List of UNESCO, a part of the United Nations, which are selected by UNESCO's World Heritage Committee.

Q: What is List of Indo-European languages?
A: List of Indo-European languages This list is of Indo-European languages.

Q: What is Prentice E. Sanders?
A: Prentice Earl Sanders, also known as Earl Sanders (October 12, 1937 – January 11, 2021) was an American police officer and member of the San Francisco Police Department from 1964 through 2003.

Q: What is Baugy, Cher?
A: Baugy () is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of central France.

Q: What is Invisible College?
A: The Invisible College was the name given to themselves by a group of like-minded scientists and Natural philosophy The purpose of the invisible college was to encourage each other to develop scientific knowledge through experiments and other kinds of investigation.

Q: What is Piano duet?
A: A piano duet is a piece of music written for two people to play at one piano.

Q: What is Ana Trišić-Babić?
A: Ana Trišić-Babić (; born 9 February 1967) is a Bosnian Serb politician who has been the acting president of Republika Srpska since 2025.

Q: What is Hairy Maclary from Donaldson's Dairy?
A: Hairy Maclary from Donaldson's Dairy is a book by New Zealand author Lynley Dodd, published in 1983.

Q: What is Nokia 6230?
A: Nokia 6230 (also known is Nokia 6230i) is an Nokia mobile phone was developed of Nokia Corporation, it was announced on October 28, 2003 and release on February 28, 2004.

Q: What is Alto Reed?
A: Alto Reed (born Thomas Neal Cartmell, May 16, 1948 – December 30, 2020) was an American saxophone Reed died of problems caused by Colorectal cancer.

Q: What is Santiago Papasquiaro?
A: Santiago Papasquiaro is a city in the Mexican state of Durango.

Q: What is Pasteur Bizimungu?
A: Pasteur Bizimungu is a Rwandan politician who served as the third President of Rwanda, holding office from 19 July 1994 until 23 March 2000.

Q: What is Amin Ahmed Adel Youssef?
A: Amin Ahmed Adel Youssef is a retired swimmer from Egypt.

Q: What is David Neil MacKenzie?
A: David Neil MacKenzie FBA (8 April 1926 &#x2013; 13 October 2001) was a scholar of Iranian languages.

Q: What is Bronchoscopy?
A: Bronchoscopy is a medical procedure which is used to look at the inside of a person's airways.

Q: What is East Meadow, New York?
A: East Meadow is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County (Long Island), New York, United States.

Q: What is Kaiten?
A: The Kaiten (Japanese: 回天, translated "Change the World" or "Reverse Destiny") was a torpedo that was changed to become a suicide weapon, and used by the Navy of the Empire of Japan in the last months of the Second World War.

Q: What is Korean Grand Prix?
A: The Korean Grand Prix is a planned Formula One race to be held in South Korea.

Q: What is Transport in Singapore?
A: Transport within Singapore is mainly land-based.

Q: What is Herbert Pankau?
A: Herbert Pankau (4 October 1941 – 25 July 2025) was an East German footballer.

Q: What is Abdel Aziz Mohamed Hegazy?
A: Abdelaziz Mohamed Hegazy (; 3 January 1923 – 22 December 2014) was an egyptian economist, and the former prime minister of Egypt under President Mohamed Anwar El-Sadat from September 25, 1974 to 1975.

Q: What is James K. Polk?
A: James Knox Polk (November 2, 1795 – June 15, 1849) was the 11th president of the United States and served served only one term.

Q: What is Portuguese literature?
A: " by Luís Vaz de Camões Portuguese literature is the literature written in the Portuguese language, particularly by citizens of Portugal; it may also refer to literature written by people living in Portugal, Brazil, Angola and Mozambique, and other Portuguese speaking countries.

Q: What is Song Meili?
A: Song Meili (born 23 February 1995) is a People's Republic of China She played for Shandong women's volleyball team.

Q: What is Square foot?
A: A square foot is a way to measure area.

Q: What is Green Line (Lisbon Metro)?
A: Infobox rail line |30px|29px |348px |Telheiras |TelheirasCais do Sodré |Blue Line|x20px |V DC third rail |348px |} The Green Line () or Caravel Line () is one of the four lines of Lisbon Metro.

Q: What is Virgins of Riga?
A: Virgins of Riga is a 1996 Norwegian Latvian Swedish comedy movie directed by Emil Stang Lund and starring Aurelija Anuzhite, Uldis Dumpis, Jon Eikemo, Helge Jordal, Viggo Jønsberg, Ivars Kalnins, Nils Vogt.

Q: What is Reining?
A: Reining is a competitive way of riding a horse.

Q: What is Imagination Movers?
A: The Imagination Movers are an American children's band.

Q: What is Royal Proclamation of 1763?
A: The Royal Proclamation of 1763 was issued October 7, 1763, by King George III.

Q: What is Sutton Foster?
A: Sutton Lenore Foster (born March 18, 1975) is an American actress, singer and dancer.

Q: What is List of people from Sedalia, Missouri?
A: The following is a list of people who were born in, have lived in, or are otherwise associated with American city of Sedalia, Missouri; they are known as Sedalians.

Q: What is János Székely?
A: János Székely (, born 7 June 1964) is a Hungarian Bishop of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church.

Q: What is Chemaudin et Vaux?
A: Chemaudin et Vaux is a commune.

Q: What is Thomas Reilly?
A: Thomas Francis Reilly (born February 14, 1942) is an American lawyer and politician.

Q: What is Movius Line?
A: The Movius Line is a theoretical line drawn across northern India.

Q: What is Larry Smith (producer)?
A: Lawrence Michael "Larry" Smith (June 11, 1952 – December 18, 2014) was an American musician and hip hop record producer.

Q: What is Water-tube boiler?
A: A water-tube boiler is a type of boiler in which water circulates in tubes heated by fire from outside.

Q: What is Hubert Green?
A: Hubert Myatt Green (December 28, 1946 – June 19, 2018) was an American professional golfer.

Q: What is Anthony G. Brown?
A: Anthony Gregory Brown (born November 21, 1961) is an American lawyer and politician who is the Attorney General of Maryland since 2023.

Q: What is Linda Garrou?
A: Linda Garrou (January 17, 1943 – March 19, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and educator.

Q: What is Elite Dangerous?
A: Elite Dangerous or Elite: Dangerous is a space adventure, trading, and combat simulation video game made by Frontier Developments.

Q: What is Alicia Markova?
A: Alicia Markova DBE (born Lilian Alicia Marks, 1 December 1910 – 2 December 2004) was an English ballerina and choreographer.

Q: What is Exerodonta perkinsi?
A: Perkins' tree frog (Exerodonta perkinsi) is a frog that lives in Guatemala.

Q: What is Štepánka Kucerová?
A: Štepánka Kucerová with marriage name Nádvorníková (18 February 1908 - 21 January 1999) was a Czechoslovak Track and field athletics.

Q: What is Mzuzu?
A: Mzuzu is third largest city in Malawi.

Q: What is Margherita, Archduchess of Austria-Este?
A: Margherita, Archduchess of Austria-Este (née Princess Margherita of Savoy-Aosta; 7 April 1930 – 10 January 2022) was an Italian aristocrat.

Q: What is North Bend, Washington?
A: North Bend is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Q: What is Julymar Otero?
A: Julymar Otero (born 31 October 1996, Toa Baja, Puerto Rico) is a female volleyball player.

Q: What is HotNewHipHop?
A: HotNewHipHop (HNHH) is an online publication that covers daily news about hip hop and pop culture, including streetwear, sports, and sneakers.

Q: What is Brousses-et-Villaret?
A: Brousses-et-Villaret is a commune of 344 people (2017).

Q: What is Paolo Gentiloni?
A: Paolo Gentiloni Silveri (; born 22 November 1954 in Rome) is an Italian politician.

Q: What is IS/LM model?
A: The IS/LM model is a tool that shows the relationship between interest rates and real output in "the goods and services market" and "the money market".

Q: What is Transformers One?
A: Transformers One is a 2024 sci-fi action movie that was released in theatres on September 20, 2024.

Q: What is Alexander City, Alabama?
A: Alexander City is a city in Tallapoosa County, Alabama, United States.

Q: What is Bruce Chapman?
A: Bruce Kerry Chapman (born December 1, 1940) is an American researcher, politician and founder and current Chairman of the Board of the Discovery Institute.

Q: What is Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
A: The prime minister of the United Kingdom or British prime minister is the head of government in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Pentahedron?
A: In geometry a pentahedron is a polyhedron of five faces.

Q: What is Helena Žigon?
A: Helena Žigon (13 April 1928 – 30 July 2020) was a Slovenian long-distance runner between 1946 and 2014.

Q: What is Prop comedy?
A: Prop comedy is a comedy genre in which performers use humorous objects or conventional objects in humorous ways.

Q: What is Umm al-Qura University?
A: Umm Al-Qura University, despite its recent establishment and its current demarcation, remains one of the most distinguished universities by virtue of its location and heritage.

Q: What is Janus Theeuwes?
A: Adrianus "Janus" Cornelis Theeuwes (4 April 1886 &ndash; 7 August 1975) was an archer from the Netherlands.

Q: What is Sarah Harris?
A: Sarah Lee Harris (born 11 November 1987 Cape Town) is a South African Water polo She played at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

Q: What is Near-Earth Asteroid Tracking?
A: Near-Earth Asteroid Tracking (NEAT) was a program run by NASA and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.

Q: What is Hurricane Kyle (2008)?
A: Hurricane Kyle was the eleventh tropical storm and sixth hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season.

Q: What is Hal Fishman?
A: Harold "Hal" Fishman (August 25, 1931 &ndash; August 7, 2007) or also known as The Flying Anchorman; was a local news anchor in the Los Angeles area.

Q: What is Miami people?
A: The Miami are a Native American Nation.

Q: What is Cerro Largo Department?
A: The Cerro Largo Department () is a department in the east of Uruguay.

Q: What is Harvie Pocza?
A: Harvie Dwight Pocza (born September 22, 1959) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player who briefly played in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals.

Q: What is Gasteroclupea?
A: Gasteroclupea is an extinct genus of ellimmichthyiform fish from the Upper Cretaceous of South America.

Q: What is Man-Ape?
A: Man-Ape (M'Baku) is a fictional character from Marvel Comics, primarily known as one of the adversaries of Black Panther.

Q: What is Gatling gun?
A: The Gatling gun is a machine gun that has many barrels that fire bullets by turning the barrels around in a circle.

Q: What is Ken Spears?
A: Charles Kenneth Spears (March 12, 1938 – November 6, 2020) was an American television editor, writer, and producer.

Q: What is Keystone Pipeline?
A: The Keystone Pipeline System is an oil pipeline system in Canada and the United States.

Q: What is Nicole Johnson?
A: Nicole Johnson (born January 9, 1974) is an American beauty queen, author, public health professional and activist.

Q: What is Arabesque (group)?
A: Arabesque was a disco girl group.

Q: What is Topher Grace?
A: Christopher John "Topher" Grace (born July 12, 1978) is an American actor.

Q: What is Dan Green?
A: James Hadley "Jay" Snyder (born February 7, 1970) also known by his stage name as Dan Green, is an American voice actor, voice director and script adapter who is known for his work with 4Kids Entertainment, DuArt Film and Video, NYAV Post and Central Park Media.

Q: What is Geoffrey Wellum?
A: Squadron Leader Geoffrey Harris Augustus Wellum DFC (4 August 1921—18 July 2018) was a British Battle of Britain fighter pilot and author.

Q: What is Jennifer Lee?
A: Jennifer Michelle Lee (born 1971) is an American movie director and a screenwriter.

Q: What is Nagercoil?
A: Nagercoil ("Temple of the Nāgas") is a town in the southernmost Indian state of Tamil Nadu and a municipality and administrative headquarters of Kanyakumari District.

Q: What is Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878)?
A: The Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878 had its origins in a rise in nationalism in the Balkans as well as in the Russian Empire's goal of recovering territorial losses that it had suffered because of the Crimean War.

Q: What is Risk factors and possible causes of schizophrenia?
A: Risk factors and possible causes of schizophrenia is what to know to avoid the problem(s) of schizophrenia.

Q: What is Alaric I?
A: Alaric I, also Alaricus, (reigned 394–410 AD) was a leader of the Visigoths.

Q: What is Don't Look Down (Martin Garrix song)?
A: "Don't Look Down" is a 2015 song by Dutch DJ Martin Garrix featuring vocals from American singer Usher and was released as a digital download on 17 March 2015 on iTunes.

Q: What is Communes of the Yonne department?
A: The following is a list of the 454 communes of the Yonne département in France.

Q: What is All I Want for Christmas Is You?
A: "All I Want for Christmas Is You" is a widely popular Christmas song by American R&B singer Mariah Carey for her fourth studio album, Merry Christmas.

Q: What is Academy Award for Best Original Song?
A: The Academy Award for Best Original Song is one of the awards given every year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS).

Q: What is Stornoway?
A: Stornoway is the biggest town in the Outer Hebrides.

Q: What is Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip?
A: The Gaza Strip has been under military occupation by Israel since 6 June 1967, when Israeli forces occupied the territory during the Six-Day war.

Q: What is Saiga-12?
A: The Saiga-12 shotgun is a magazine-loaded, semi-automatic shotgun used by the Russian military.

Q: What is Chillicothe, Missouri?
A: Chillicothe is the county seat of Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

Q: What is Rappahannock River?
A: The Rappahannock River is a river in eastern Virginia, in the United States.

Q: What is The Suite Life on Deck?
A: The Suite Life on Deck was an American television series on Disney Channel.

Q: What is Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma?
A: Prince Félix of Bourbon-Parma (Félix Marie Vincent; 28 September 1893 &ndash; 8 April 1970), later Prince Félix of Luxembourg, was the husband of Charlotte, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg and the father of her six children, including her replacement: Grand Duke Jean.

Q: What is A9 (Sydney)?
A: A9 is a road route is Sydney, formerly Metroad 9.

Q: What is International Science and Engineering Fair?
A: The Regeneron International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF) is an annual science fair in the United States, and is owned and administered by the Society for Science & the Public a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization based in Washington, D.C.,.

Q: What is Troll (disambiguation)?
A: Troll can mean: *Troll, a legendary creature *Troll, the movie *Troll 2, a different movie *Troll 3, another horror movie *Troll (internet), internet trolling *Troll (gay slang).

Q: What is San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
A: The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (SFMOMA) is a modern art The museum’s collection includes over 47,000 works of painting, sculpture, photography, architecture, design, and media arts.

Q: What is P5 (comics)?
A: P5 (also known as Class Act) was a short-lived comic strip in the UK comic The Dandy, Which had run between 1998 and 2002.

Q: What is Harold Thomas (artist)?
A: , 2001 Harold Joseph Thomas (born 1947) is an Aboriginal Australian artist and activist.

Q: What is Jim Molan?
A: Andrew James Molan (11 April 1950 – 16 January 2023) was an Australian politician and former major general in the Australian Army.

Q: What is Binaural beats?
A: A binaural beat is an auditory illusion.

Q: What is Kyle Coetzer?
A: Kyle James Coetzer (born 14 April 1984) is a Scottish former cricketer who was born in Aberdeen.

Q: What is Pietro Parolin?
A: Pietro Parolin OMRI (, ; born 17 January 1955) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church.

Q: What is Communes of the Vendée department?
A: There are 282 communes in the Vendée département, in France.

Q: What is List of Dutch painters?
A: This is a list of Dutch painters.

Q: What is Butterfly Kiss?
A: Butterfly Kiss is a 1995 British road drama movie directed by Michael Winterbottom and starring Amanda Plummer, Saskia Reeves, Kathy Jamieson, Lisa Riley, Freda Dowie, Fine Time Fontayne, Katy Murphy, Emily Aston, Ricky Tomlinson.

Q: What is Storfors Municipality?
A: Storfors Municipality () is a municipality in Värmland County in central Sweden.

Q: What is Proboscis monkey?
A: The proboscis monkey (Nasalis larvatus) is found only on the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia.

Q: What is Gerald Regan?
A: Gerald Augustine Paul Regan (February 13, 1928 &ndash; November 26, 2019) was a Canadian politician.

Q: What is Giannitsa?
A: Giannitsa, former Genitsa, is a Greek town in the southeastern part of Pella Prefecture in the region of Macedonia.

Q: What is Uilleann pipes?
A: The uilleann pipes are the national bagpipe of Ireland.

Q: What is John Draper?
A: John Draper (born March 11, 1943) is an American computer programmer.

Q: What is Samsung Galaxy Tab S4?
A: Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 is a tablet computer developed by Samsung.

Q: What is The Five Satins?
A: The Five Satins are an American doo-wop group.

Q: What is Abdul Aziz bin Fahd?
A: Abdul Aziz bin Fahd (; born 16 April 1973) was a Saudi prince and member of the royal House of Saud.

Q: What is Nikolay Pimenov?
A: Nikolay Igorevich Pimenov (; born 29 March 1958) is a retired Soviet and Russian rower.

Q: What is Sergei Kirov?
A: Sergei Mironovich Kostrikov or better known as Sergei Kirov (born 27 March 1886, O.S.

Q: What is Hole (band)?
A: Hole was an American rock band.

Q: What is Nunda, South Dakota?
A: Nunda is a town in the eastern part of the U.S.

Q: What is Selenous acid?
A: Selenous acid, also known as selenious acid, is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Qur'an?
A: The Qur'an () is the central holy book of Islam.

Q: What is Bud Adams?
A: Kenneth Stanley "Bud" Adams, Jr.

Q: What is Doris Lessing?
A: Doris Lessing (Doris May Tayler, 22 October 1919 &ndash; 17 November 2013) was a British writer.

Q: What is Tom Vraalsen?
A: Tom Eric Vraalsen (26 January 1936 – 13 September 2021) was a Norwegian politician.

Q: What is Hysteresis?
A: Hysteresis is a concept in physical science.

Q: What is Joh Bjelke-Petersen?
A: Sir Johannes "Joh" Bjelke-Petersen (13 January 191123 April 2005), also nicknamed Sir Joh, was an Australian politician who served as the 31st Premier of Queensland.

Q: What is Onyx?
A: An onyx is a type of black rock mineral with white banded lines around it.

Q: What is James Ramsden (politician)?
A: James Edward Ramsden (1 November 1923 – 29 March 2020) was a British Conservative politician.

Q: What is Ella Henderson?
A: Gabriella Michelle "Ella" Henderson (born 12 January 1996) is an English singer-songwriter.

Q: What is White Nights Festival?
A: with the Alexander Column view from the Winter Palace The White Nights Festival in St.

Q: What is Rudolph I of Germany?
A: ("Rudolf by the grace of God King of the Romans, ever majestic") Rudolf I (1 May 1218 – 15 July 1291) was the first King of Germany from the House of Habsburg.

Q: What is Quantum biology?
A: Quantum biology is the study of quantum mechanics, theoretical chemistry, and biology.

Q: What is Grobiņa?
A: Grobiņa is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1695.

Q: What is Florida's 18th congressional district?
A: Florida's 18th congressional district is an electoral district for the U.S.

Q: What is Consecration?
A: Consecration is a special ceremony, usually religious, in which a person, or an object, or a building, is dedicated to a special purpose.

Q: What is Sugar Mama (disambiguation)?
A: A sugar mama is a woman who offers a younger companion material support in return for romantic or sexual pleasure.

Q: What is Cheval-Blanc?
A: Cheval-Blanc is a commune of 3,524 people (1999).

Q: What is Saweetie?
A: Diamonté Quiava Valentin Harper (born July 2, 1993), known by her stage name Saweetie, () is an American rapper, songwriter, dancer and record producer.

Q: What is Joseph Zhu Baoyu?
A: Joseph Zhu Baoyu (July 2, 1921 &ndash; May 7, 2020) was a Chinese bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.

Q: What is President of El Salvador?
A: The president of El Salvador (Spanish: presidente de El Salvador), officially the president of the Republic of El Salvador (Spanish: presidente de la República de El Salvador), is the head of state and head of government of El Salvador.

Q: What is Boys Town, Nebraska?
A: Boys Town is a village in eastern Nebraska.

Q: What is Paula Hawkins (politician)?
A: Paula Hawkins (née Fickes; January 24, 1927 – December 4, 2009) was an American politician.

Q: What is Bristol (CDP), Vermont?
A: Bristol is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Q: What is Michael Medwin?
A: Michael Hugh Medwin OBE (18 July 1923 &ndash; 26 February 2020) was an English actor and movie producer.

Q: What is Commodity market?
A: Futures market Commodity markets are markets where raw or primary products are exchanged.

Q: What is Geraldine Ferraro?
A: Geraldine Ferraro (Newburgh, Orange County, N.Y., August 26, 1935 - March 26, 2011, in Boston, Mass.) was an American politician.

Q: What is Ryōko Tateishi?
A: was a Japanese appeared in many theatrical works theatre director In 1976, she joined the Engeki Shūdan En :wikt:troupe In 2004, she won an Individual Award in the 39th Kinokuniya Awards.

Q: What is Enrique Lafourcade?
A: Enrique Eduardo Lafourcade Valdenegro (14 October 1927 – 29 July 2019) was a Chilean writer, critic and journalist.

Q: What is Weston, Louisiana?
A: Weston is an unincorporated community in Jackson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Billy Dee Williams?
A: Billy Dee Williams (born April 6, 1937) is an American actor, artist, and writer.

Q: What is Beer Hall Putsch?
A: who participated in the Putsch.

Q: What is Saadat Shahr?
A: Saadat Shahr (, pronounced sah-ah-dat-shawr, also Romanized as Sa‘ādat Shahr; also known as Sa‘ādatshahr) is a city and capital of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran.

Q: What is Foo Fighters?
A: The Foo Fighters is an American rock band started by musician and former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl.

Q: What is Osburg?
A: Osburg is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Q: What is Zumiez?
A: Zumiez is an American multinational specialty clothing retailer, founded by Thomas Campion and Gary Haakenson in 1978.

Q: What is Umeå City Church?
A: Umeå City Church () is a church building in the central parts of Umeå in Sweden.

Q: What is Mvezo?
A: Mvezo is a small village in Umtata (now Mthatha).

Q: What is Henry Maksoud?
A: Henry Maksoud (8 March 1929 &ndash; 17 April 2014) was a Brazilian businessman.

Q: What is Hermann Nuber?
A: Hermann Nuber (10 October 1935 – 12 December 2022) was a German football player.

Q: What is Online casino?
A: An online casino is an online gambling system, i.e.

Q: What is Jeanna Fine?
A: Jeanna Fine (September 29, 1964 – November 7, 2025) was an American pornographic actress and erotic dancer.

Q: What is Arizona Cardinals?
A: The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football team in the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Nutritional rating system?
A: "A" product A nutritional rating system tries to communicate the nutritional value of food in a simple way: Foods are ranked, foods that have a higher "score", get a better ranking.

Q: What is Henry Dunant?
A: Jean Henri Dunant was a Swiss businessman and social activist.

Q: What is Imrali?
A: Imrali is an island in the Marmara Sea in Turkey.

Q: What is Colón Department?
A: Colón is one of the 18 departments of Honduras.

Q: What is Deinococcus–Thermus?
A: Deinococcus–Thermus is a phylum of extremophile bacteria that are highly resistant to environmental hazards.

Q: What is Penetrometer?
A: A penetrometer is a device to test the strength of a material.

Q: What is Robert J. Lang?
A: :This article is about the American paperfolder.

Q: What is Takikomi gohan?
A: Takikomi gohan (炊き込みご飯, 炊き込み御飯) is a Japanese rice dish with dashi, soy sauce, mushrooms, vegetables, meat, or fish.

Q: What is Cine Mexicano?
A: Cine Mexicano (103A, channel 462) is an American television movie channel which is available to DirecTV customers.

Q: What is Impersonator?
A: and Lenin posing with tourists An impersonator is someone who imitates or copies the behavior or actions of another.

Q: What is Gokyo Lakes?
A: Gokyo Lakes are lakes in Nepal's Sagarmatha National Park.

Q: What is Memorial Hall of the Victims in Nanjing Massacre by Japanese Invaders?
A: The Memorial Hall of the Victims in Nanjing Massacre by Japanese Invaders is a museum about the 1937–1938 Nanjing Massacre in Nanjing, China.

Q: What is Bamboo floor?
A: A bamboo floor is a kind of flooring which is made using bamboo plants.

Q: What is Rory McIlroy?
A: Rory McIlroy, (born 4 May 1989) is a Northern Irish professional golfer.

Q: What is Arizona's 9th congressional district?
A: Arizona's 9th congressional district was created as a result of the 2010 census.

Q: What is War (The Temptations song)?
A: "War" is a counterculture protest song.

Q: What is René Moawad?
A: René Moawad (; 17 April 1925 – 22 November 1989) was a Lebanese politician.

Q: What is Andalusian nationalism?
A: Image:Monument to Blas Infante, Seville.jpg|thumb|250px|Monument to Blas Infante, Father of Andalusia, erected in the same place where he was executed without trial by Fascist rebels in 1936 s Andalusian nationalism called Andalucismo in Spanish, is the name given to the political separatist movement in the Iberian Peninsula.

Q: What is M2 Browning?
A: The M2 Machine Gun, or Browning .50 Caliber Machine Gun is a heavy machine gun.

Q: What is Charles Levin?
A: Charles Levin may refer to: *Charles Levin (actor) (1949&ndash;2019), American actor *Charles Levin (judge) (1926&ndash;2020), former Michigan jurist.

Q: What is Lubin?
A: Lubin (, ) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship in Poland.

Q: What is Super Bowl XX?
A: Super Bowl XX was the 20th Super Bowl played.

Q: What is San Lawrenz?
A: San Lawrenz () is a town on the island of Gozo, Malta.

Q: What is Paraguay at the Olympics?
A: Paraguay at the Olympics is a history which includes 11 games in 10 countries and 90+ athletes.

Q: What is Enno Lolling?
A: Enno Lolling (July 19, 1888 – May 27, 1945) was a German physician, he became a high-ranking SS officer and Nazi doctor.

Q: What is Anatoly Alyabyev?
A: Anatoly Nikolayevich Alyabyev (; 12 December 1951 – 11 January 2022) was a Soviet biathlete.

Q: What is Kenneth J. Gray?
A: Kenneth James Gray (November 14, 1924 &ndash; July 12, 2014) was an Americans politician, businessman and auctioneer.

Q: What is Mario Party 5?
A: Mario Party 5 is a party board video game for the Nintendo GameCube console.

Q: What is West Point, Utah?
A: West Point is a city in Davis County, Utah, United States.

Q: What is Fritz Wunderlich?
A: Fritz Wunderlich (born Kusel, Rhineland-Palatinate, 26 September 1930; died Heidelberg, 17 September 1966) was a German tenor.

Q: What is William Franklin?
A: William Franklin (1730 &ndash; November 1813) was an American soldier, attorney, and colonial administrator, the acknowledged illegitimate son of Benjamin Franklin.

Q: What is List of Hot 100 number-one singles of the 1990s (U.S.)?
A: This article is about the American Billboard Hot 100 chart held during the 1990s.

Q: What is Kawhia Harbour?
A: Kawhia Harbour is a settlement in the Ōtorohanga District, New Zealand.

Q: What is The Project of Engineer Prite?
A: The Project of Engineer Prite () is a 1918 Russian silent movie directed by Lev Kuleshov.

Q: What is The Music of Silence?
A: The Music of Silence is a 2017 Italian biographical musical drama movie directed by Michael Radford and starring Toby Sebastian, Luisa Ranieri, Jordi Molla, Antonio Banderas, Ennio Fantastichini.

Q: What is All Through the Night?
A: "All Through the Night" is a song by American singer Cyndi Lauper.

Q: What is Claude Goasguen?
A: Claude Goasguen (12 March 1945 – 28 May 2020) was a French politician.

Q: What is Mason Greenwood?
A: Mason Will John Greenwood (born 1 October 2001) is an English-Jamaican professional footballer who plays as a forward for Marseille.

Q: What is Conversation Peace?
A: Conversation Peace is the 22nd album released by American musician Stevie Wonder.

Q: What is Avi Wigderson?
A: Avi Wigderson (; born 9 September 1956) is an Israeli-American mathematician and computer scientist.

Q: What is Beetlejuice (entertainer)?
A: Lester Green, (born June 2, 1968), also known as Beetlejuice, is an American comedian and actor.

Q: What is Parallel port?
A: The parallel port (also known as a printer port or Centronics port) is a type of interface found on computers for connecting various peripherals.

Q: What is Smiths Station, Alabama?
A: Smiths Station is a city in Lee County, Alabama, United States.

Q: What is Bill Lawrence (TV producer)?
A: William Van Duzer Lawrence IV (born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director.

Q: What is Maui?
A: Maui is the second largest of the Hawaiian Islands, in the United States.

Q: What is Kim Mitchell?
A: Joseph Kim Mitchell (born July 10, 1952) is a Canadian guitarist.

Q: What is Ariane Bonhomme?
A: Ariane Bonhomme is a track cyclist from Canada.

Q: What is Gère-Bélesten?
A: Gère-Bélesten is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Jeanne Decorne?
A: Jeanne Decorne was a French swimmer and swimming administrator in the 1900s and 1910s from Alfortville.

Q: What is Baby Blue Marine?
A: Baby Blue Marine is a 1976 American World War II drama movie directed by John D.

Q: What is Gracixalus ziegleri?
A: Ziegler's tree frog (Gracixalus ziegleri) is a frog.

Q: What is 2016–17 Austrian Cup?
A: The 2016–17 Austrian Cup () was the 83rd season of Austria's nationwide football cup competition.

Q: What is Matilda of Boulogne?
A: Queen Matilda of Boulogne (1105 – May 3, 1152) was the wife of Stephen of England.

Q: What is IELTS?
A: The International English Language Testing System (IELTS) tests how fluent you are in the English language.

Q: What is County borough?
A: A county borough was a type of local government district in England until abolished in 1974.

Q: What is Ivory-billed woodpecker?
A: The ivory-billed woodpecker (Campephilus principalis) is a possibly extinct species of woodpecker.

Q: What is Korçë County?
A: The County of Korçë is one of the 12 counties of Albania.

Q: What is Tape drive?
A: -4 tape (20 GB), 112m Data8 tape (2.5 GB), QIC DC-6250 tape (250 MB), and a 3.5" floppy disk (1.44 MB).

Q: What is The Odd Couple (1970 TV series)?
A: The Odd Couple is an American sitcom.

Q: What is Through the Window?
A: Through the Window is the debut extended play by Scottish singer and songwriter Calum Bowie.

Q: What is Invincible (TV series)?
A: Invincible is an adult animated superhero series that revolves around 17-year-old Mark Grayson (Steven Yeun), who’s just like every other guy his age — except his father is the most powerful superhero on the planet, Omni-Man (J.

Q: What is Ringstraße?
A: The Ringstraße (also known as Ring) is a street in Austria's capital Vienna.

Q: What is Gulshan Grover?
A: Gulshan Grover (born 21 September 1955) is an Indian film actor and producer.

Q: What is The City of Her Dreams?
A: The City of Her Dreams is a 1910 American silent drama movie.

Q: What is Island arc?
A: Island arcs are those well-known series of islands with volcanoes (such as the Ring of Fire).

Q: What is Ben Bot?
A: Bernard Rudolf "Ben" Bot (; born 21 November 1937) is a Dutch politician.

Q: What is Oberried am Brienzersee?
A: Oberried am Brienzersee is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Rudolf Mössbauer?
A: Rudolf Ludwig Mössbauer (31 January 1929 – 14 September 2011) was a German physicist best known for his 1957 discovery of recoilless nuclear resonance fluorescence for which he was awarded the 1961 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Q: What is Mary McCune?
A: Mary McCune also written as Mary MacCune (born c.

Q: What is Dervish movement (Somali)?
A: The Dervish movement (Somali: Dhaqdhaqaaqii Daraawiishta) was a popular movement that developed in Khatumo between 1899 and 1920.

Q: What is Storfors?
A: Storfors is an urban area in the county of Värmland in Sweden.

Q: What is Province of Tarragona?
A: Tarragona () is a province of the southern part of Catalonia.

Q: What is Southern Living?
A: Southern Living is a lifestyle magazine aimed at readers in the Southern United States.

Q: What is United League of Arakan Armed Forces?
A: The United League of Arakan Armed Forces (ULA; ) is the political wing of the Arakan Army in Myanmar and is headquartered in Laiza.

Q: What is Cleanin' Out My Closet?
A: "Cleanin' Out My Closet" is a song by Eminem from the album The Eminem Show.

Q: What is Gila County, Arizona?
A: Gila County is a county in the central part of the U.S.

Q: What is Ole Espersen?
A: Ole Mogens Espersen (20 December 1934 – 4 December 2020) was a Danish politician.

Q: What is Everytime You Go Away?
A: "Everytime You Go Away" is a song by Hall & Oates and is the ninth track from their ninth studio album Voices.

Q: What is Sam Hall (writer)?
A: Sam Hall (born Allison Samuel Hall, March 11, 1921 &ndash; September 26, 2014) was an Carrollton, Ohio.

Q: What is Mahendra Yadav?
A: Mahendra Yadav (died July 5, 2020) was an Indian politician.

Q: What is John Guillermin?
A: John Guillermin (11 November 1925 &ndash; 27 September 2015) was a movie director.

Q: What is Ossuccio?
A: Ossuccio was a comune in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Q: What is Umayyad conquest of Hispania?
A: The Umayyad conquest of Hispania was the expansion of the Umayyad Caliphate over Visigothic Kingdom and set up the Emirate of Cordova under Abd ar-Rahman I.

Q: What is Lambeosaurus?
A: Lambeosaurus was a crested, duck-billed dinosaur.

Q: What is Alys Thomas?
A: Alys Margaret Thomas is a swimmer from Great Britain.

Q: What is Kunlun Fight?
A: Kunlun Fight (KLF) (Chinese: 昆仑决; pinyin: Kūnlún Jué) is a China-based kickboxing promotion, currently seen as one of the top kickboxing promotions in the world.

Q: What is Eureka College?
A: Eureka College is a Christian liberal arts college in the United States.

Q: What is Fear Inoculum?
A: Fear Inoculum is the fifth studio album by Tool, an American rock band.

Q: What is Al Masry SC?
A: Al Masry Sporting Club (Egyptian pronunciation: ) commonly known as Al Masry () is an Egyptian sporting club.

Q: What is Lennart Meri?
A: Lennart Georg Meri (29 March 1929 – 14 March 2006) was an Estonian politician, writer, and movie director.

Q: What is Fluminense de Feira Futebol Clube?
A: Fluminense de Feira Futebol Clube, usually known as Fluminense de Feira, or just Fluminense are a Brazilian football team from Feira de Santana, Bahia, Brazil, founded on January 1, 1941.

Q: What is Sorel Etrog?
A: Sorel Etrog, CM (August 29, 1933 &ndash; February 26, 2014) was a Romanian-born Canadian artist, writer and philosopher.

Q: What is Little Sammy Davis?
A: Little Sammy Davis (November 28, 1928 &ndash; February 16, 2018) was an American blues guitarist, harmonica player and songwriter.

Q: What is Whenever, Wherever?
A: "Whenever, Wherever" is the debut English-language single for Latin music artist Shakira.

Q: What is Eurovision Young Musicians?
A: The Eurovision Young Musicians (French: L'Eurovision des Jeunes Musiciens; abbrev.

Q: What is Civil government in Portugal?
A: In Portugal, the civil governments (Portuguese: Governos Civis, singular Governo Civil) are the groups of public administration that represent the government at the district level.

Q: What is Mario Chella?
A: Mario Chella (16 March 1934 – 13 July 2022) was an Italian politician.

Q: What is Kwame Owusu-Ansah?
A: Kwame Owusu-Ansah (or John William Kwame Owusu Ansah), was from Ghana.

Q: What is Dagestan?
A: Dagestan is a federal subject of the Russian Federation in the North Caucasus region.

Q: What is Dyne?
A: The dyne is a unit of force stated in the centimetre-gram-second system of units.

Q: What is Seven Wonders (series)?
A: Seven Wonders is a book series containing five books.

Q: What is Thusis?
A: Thusis (, ) is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Q: What is Charles Keating (actor)?
A: Charles Keating (22 October 1941 – 9 August 2014) was a British actor and narrator of audiobooks.

Q: What is Ilie Bărbulescu (footballer)?
A: Ilie Bărbulescu (24 June 1957 – 1 February 2020) was a Romanian footballer.

Q: What is Takkar?
A: Takkar is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Q: What is Anastassiya Bannova?
A: Anastassiya Bannova is an archer from Kazakhstan.

Q: What is Second inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson?
A: The second inauguration of Lyndon B.

Q: What is Alain Robert?
A: Alain Robert (born Robert Alain Philippe; 7 August 1962) is a French rock climber and urban climber.

Q: What is Scott Stewart (director)?
A: and science fiction fan meeting in 2011.

Q: What is Australian cuisine?
A: Australian cuisine is the food and cooking practices of Australia and its inhabitants.

Q: What is Rui Moreira (politician)?
A: Rui de Carvalho de Araújo Moreira (born 8 August 1956) is a Portuguese businessman and politician, he is the current Mayor of Porto.

Q: What is St Margaret's, Westminster?
A: The Church of St Margaret, Westminster Abbey is an Anglican church in Westminster, London, England.

Q: What is István Géczi?
A: István Géczi (16 March 1944 – 10 September 2018) was a Hungarian football goalkeeper and politician.

Q: What is National Chung Cheng University?
A: National Chung Cheng University (CCU) is a university in Taiwan.

Q: What is Rohit Shetty?
A: Rohit Shetty is an Indian movie director.

Q: What is 21 Guns?
A: 21 Guns is a song by American rock band Green Day.

Q: What is All the Right Moves (OneRepublic song)?
A: "All the Right Moves" is a 2009 song by American pop rock band OneRepublic and is the lead single from their second studio album Waking Up.

Q: What is Ranoidea robinsonae?
A: Ranoidea robinsonae is a frog from Papua New Guinea.

Q: What is Imposter syndrome?
A: Imposter syndrome or impostor syndrome is a bias in thinking.

Q: What is Pecorino Toscano?
A: Pecorino Toscano is a type of Pecorino cheese.

Q: What is List of cities in Ukraine?
A: This is a complete list of cities in Ukraine.

Q: What is Communications in Iran?
A: special certificate for providing telecom services to rural areas.

Q: What is Opposites Attract?
A: "Opposites Attract" is a song by American singer and dancer Paula Abdul from her debut album, Forever Your Girl (1988).

Q: What is Millennium Prize Problems?
A: The Millennium Problems are a set of seven unsolved mathematical problems designated by the Clay Mathematics Institute in 2000.

Q: What is Thomas Strunz?
A: Thomas Strunz (born 25 April 1968) is a former German football player.

Q: What is Radcliffe Line?
A: The Radcliffe Line became the international border between India and Pakistan (which also included what is now Bangladesh) during the partition of India.

Q: What is Gastone Simoni?
A: Gastone Simoni (9 April 1937 – 28 August 2022) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate.

Q: What is Ragunan Zoo?
A: Ragunan Zoo is a 140-hectare (350-acre) zoo in Pasar Minggu, South Jakarta, Indonesia.

Q: What is Siddi people?
A: The Siddi, also called Sheedi, are a group of people living mainly in southern Pakistan, in the provinces of Sindh and Balochistan.

Q: What is Ruthka Lieblich?
A: Ruthka Lieblich (English: Ruth Lieblich; 1926 – 1943), was a teenager from Andrychow who perished in the Auschwitz camp around 1943.

Q: What is Avenging Force?
A: Avenging Force is a 1986 American action movie directed by Sam Firstenberg and written by James Booth (who also starred).

Q: What is Medes?
A: The Medes () were an ancient Iranian people and the ancestors of modern Kurdish people who lived in the northwestern portions of present-day Iran.

Q: What is Jack Roland Murphy?
A: Jack Roland Murphy (or "Murph the Surf" or "Murf the Surf") (May 26, 1937 – September 12, 2020) was an American convicted murder and robber.

Q: What is Motion Picture Sound Editors?
A: Founded in 1953, Motion Picture Sound Editors (M.P.S.E.) is an honorary society of motion picture sound editors.

Q: What is Mount Whymper?
A: Mount Whymper may refer to: * Mount Whymper (Edward), 2.844 m, a mountain on the Canadian Rocky Mountains, British Columbia, Canada, in the Vermilion Pass area, Kootenay National Park.

Q: What is Hen's egg test on chorioallantoic membrane?
A: The Hen's egg test on chorioallantoic membrane (HET-CAM), or hen's egg test is a test that can be used to test the toxicity or irritancy of substances.

Q: What is Bruce Township, Macomb County, Michigan?
A: Bruce Township is a civil township of Macomb County in the U.S.

Q: What is Jackie Appiah?
A: Jackie Appiah was born on December 5, 1983, in Canada and is from Ghana.

Q: What is The Wheel of Time?
A: The Wheel of Time is a long running fantasy series of novels written by American author Robert Jordan.

Q: What is The Age?
A: The Age is a newspaper made in Melbourne, Australia.

Q: What is Alfred G. Gilman?
A: Alfred Goodman Gilman (July 1, 1941 &ndash; December 23, 2015) was an American pharmacologist and biochemist.

Q: What is Shadows-on-the-Teche?
A: Shadows-on-the-Teche is an old plantation house at 317 E.

Q: What is White Youth?
A: White Youth is a 1920 American silent drama movie directed by Norman Dawn and starring Edith Roberts, Phyllis Allen, Alfred Hollingsworth, Thomas Jefferson, Hattie Peters.

Q: What is Nuclear and radiation accidents?
A: in Japan, three nuclear reactors were damaged by explosions.

Q: What is Civil marriage?
A: (Albert Anker, 1887) A civil marriage is a marriage that is recognized by a government official.

Q: What is Debbie Lee Carrington?
A: Deborah "Debbie" Lee Carrington (December 14, 1959 &ndash; March 24, 2018) was an American actress and stuntwoman.

Q: What is K. Chandrashekar Rao?
A: Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao (born 17 February 1954) is an Indian politician.

Q: What is Ansonia (frog)?
A: Ansonia (commonly known as stream toads) is a small genus of true toads.

Q: What is Whit Watson?
A: Whit Watson (born 1971) is a personality currently with Golf Channel as studio host, play-by-play announcer and reporter/interviewer for the European Tour, LPGA Tour, and PGA Tour.

Q: What is Lower house?
A: A lower house is one of two chambers of a bicameral legislature.

Q: What is Survival of the fittest?
A: coined the phrase, "survival of the fittest." Survival of the fittest is a famous phrase of Herbert Spencer which describes the idea that, in nature, there is competition to survive and reproduce.

Q: What is Richard Wagner?
A: Richard Wagner (22 May 1813 in Leipzig – 13 February 1883 in Venice) was a German opera composer.

Q: What is Bex?
A: Bex () is a municipality in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.

Q: What is Pran Sukh Yadav?
A: Pran Sukh Yadav (1802-1888) was a military commander from Behror, Alwar district of Rajasthan which was part of Ahirwal region and under the control ruler of Rewari (before 1803 after that given by EIC to Alwar princely state).

Q: What is Edgar the Atheling?
A: Edgar the Atheling, or Edgar Ætheling, c.

Q: What is Regé-Jean Page?
A: Regé-Jean Page (born 24 January 1988) is a British actor.

Q: What is Guru Nanak Dev?
A: Guru Nanak Dev (15 April 1469 &ndash; 22 September 1539) was the founder of Sikhism and is regarded as its first Guru.

Q: What is Robert Jenrick?
A: Robert Edward Jenrick (born 9 January 1982) is a British Conservative politician who has been the Shadow Secretary of State for Justice and Shadow Lord Chancellor since 2024.

Q: What is Black Butterflies?
A: Black Butterflies is a 2011 Dutch South African biographical drama movie directed by Paula van der Oest and starring Carice van Houten, Rutger Hauer, Liam Cummingham, Nicholas Pauling.

Q: What is Perstorp?
A: Perstorp is an urban area in the county of Skåne in Sweden.

Q: What is HappinessCharge PreCure!?
A: , also called HappinessCharge Pretty Cure! or Happiness Charge PC is a 2014 Japanese magical girl anime series by Toei Animation and the eleventh installment of the Pretty Cure franchise.

Q: What is Skin Yard?
A: Skin Yard was a rock band from Seattle, Washington, who were active from 1985 to 1992.

Q: What is LSV Markersdorf?
A: LSV (Luftwaffensportverein) Markersdorf was a football club in Austria (then Ostmark) during the time of Nazi occupation.

Q: What is Crushing by elephant?
A: In the past, many rulers in south and southeast Asia had people crushed by elephants as a death penalty.

Q: What is Pierluigi Chicca?
A: Pierluigi Chicca (22 December 1937 – 18 June 2017) was an Italian fencing Chicca died on 18 June 2017 in Rome, Italy, aged 79.

Q: What is George Taylor (Medal of Honor)?
A: George Taylor (November 15, 1830 – October 7, 1893) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War.

Q: What is Harborne?
A: Harborne is an area of Birmingham in the West Midlands, England.

Q: What is Sana'a Governorate?
A: Sana'a ( ') is a governorate of Yemen.

Q: What is The Truce (1974 movie)?
A: The Truce () is a 1974 Argentine romantic drama movie directed by Sergio Renán (who also stars) and was based on the 1960 novel of the same name by Mario Benedetti.

Q: What is Mary Wells Lawrence?
A: Mary Wells Lawrence (born Mary Georgene Berg; May 25, 1928 &ndash; May 11, 2024) was an American advertising executive.

Q: What is SRF Tagesschau?
A: SRF Tagesschau (View on the Day) is a Swiss television news program since the run on 29 August 1953 on SRF 1.

Q: What is Metrotown station?
A: Metrotown is a train station in Burnaby, British Columbia.

Q: What is Andy's Adventures?
A: Andy's Adventures is a British preschool television series that ran on CBeebies for six seasons since February 13, 2012: volumes involved adventures: including wild in 2012, dinosaur in 2014, prehistoric in 2016, safari in 2018, aquatic in 2020, global in 2023.

Q: What is Transkei?
A: The Transkei (meaning the area beyond the river Kei), officially the Republic of Transkei was a Bantustan—an area for members of a specific ethnicity.

Q: What is Turkish?
A: Turkish might mean: *Something related to the country Turkey *Something related to the Ottoman Empire, also called the Turkish Empire *Turkish language *Turkish people *Turkish alphabet.

Q: What is Malakoff?
A: Malakoff is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France.

Q: What is Cornus?
A: , the tiny four-petaled flowers are clustered in a tightly packed, flattened cyme at the center of four showy white petal-like bracts.

Q: What is Janet Remixed?
A: Janet Remixed is the second remix album by American recording artist Janet Jackson.

Q: What is Blackpool Illuminations?
A: Blackpool Illuminations is an annual Lights Festival.

Q: What is You're No Good?
A: "You're No Good" is a song done originally by Dee Dee Warwick in 1963 The song was made more popular by Linda Ronstadt in 1974.

Q: What is 2016 Irkutsk mass methanol poisoning?
A: In late December 2016, 58 people died from mass methanol poisoning in Irkutsk, Russia.

Q: What is Open world?
A: An open world is a type of video game design.

Q: What is Gérard-Joseph Deschamps?
A: Gérard-Joseph Deschamps (4 July 1929 – 25 February 2022) was a Canadian Roman Catholic prelate.

Q: What is IPad Mini (1st generation)?
A: The first generation iPad Mini (sold as iPad mini) is a tablet computer that is made and sold by Apple Inc.

Q: What is Vuibroye?
A: Vuibroye was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Newry?
A: Newry (pronounced /njɚɹi/; ) is a city in Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Industrial Workers of the World?
A: The Industrial Workers of the World, or IWW, is a world-wide radical labor union.

Q: What is Emission spectrum?
A: The emission spectrum of an element or compound is how bright certain frequencies are when energy is added to the atoms or molecules.

Q: What is Brooke Rollins?
A: Brooke Leslie Rollins (born April 10, 1972) is an American lawyer and Republican politician who has been the 33rd and current United States Secretary of Agriculture since 2025.

Q: What is Grand Duchy of Lithuania?
A: The Grand Duchy of Lithuania was a European state from the 12th –13th century until 1569.

Q: What is Charles, Duke of Berry?
A: Charles of France, Duke of Berry, (31 July 1686 – 5 May 1714) was a grandson of Louis XIV of France.

Q: What is List of Florida state parks?
A: There are 161 state parks and 10 state trails in the U.S.

Q: What is Mountain Grove, Missouri?
A: Mountain Grove is a city in southeastern Wright county and extending into southwestern Texas county in Missouri.

Q: What is Juan Cotino?
A: Juan Gabriel Cotino Ferrer (26 January 1950 &ndash; 13 April 2020), known as Juan Cotino, was a Spanish businessman and politician.

Q: What is Enea Zuffi?
A: Enea Zuffi was an Italian football player.

Q: What is Huni?
A: Huni was the last Pharaoh of Egyptian Third dynasty.

Q: What is Strazeele?
A: Strazeele (; from Flemish; Strazele in modern Dutch spelling) is a commune in the Nord in northern France.

Q: What is People on the Bridge?
A: People on the Bridge () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Zarkhi.

Q: What is Maryland Toleration Act?
A: The Maryland Toleration Act was a law passed in the U.S.

Q: What is Mikhail Kokshenov?
A: Mikhail Mikhailovich Kokshenov (16 September 1936 &ndash; 4 June 2020) was a Russian actor, movie director and producer.

Q: What is The Steadfast Tin Soldier?
A: "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen.

Q: What is St Keverne?
A: St Keverne is a parish and village on the Lizard Peninsula in Cornwall, United Kingdom.

Q: What is Channel (geography)?
A: A channel in geography is a type of landform made of the outline of a path of small body of water, usually a river, river delta or strait.

Q: What is Books of Chronicles?
A: The First and Second Chronicles are history books in the Old Testament.

Q: What is Rain (1932 movie)?
A: Rain is a 1932 American drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the 1922 play of the same name and 1921 short story Miss Thompson by W.

Q: What is Hohes Licht?
A: The Hohes Licht is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps.

Q: What is Avesnes-Chaussoy?
A: Avesnes-Chaussoy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Q: What is 2017 All-Pro Team?
A: The 2017 All-Pro Team is the National Football League players that were selected to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association and Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 2017.

Q: What is Benzenedicarboxylic acid?
A: In organic chemistry, benzenedicarboxylic acid is a systematic name for a chemical with a benzene ring attached to two carboxylic acid groups.

Q: What is Peter Hindley?
A: Peter Hindley (19 May 1944 – 1 February 2021) was an English former footballer.

Q: What is Halo of Flies (song)?
A: "Halo of Flies" is a 1973 song by Alice Cooper and was taken from his fourth studio album Killer.

Q: What is Dye?
A: Dye is a substance used to color materials.

Q: What is Methoxy group?
A: The methoxy group is a functional group in organic chemistry.

Q: What is Maximilian Gold?
A: Maximilian "Max" Gold (born 22 November 1900 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary; died 27 November 1961 in Tehran, Iran) was Austrian football (soccer) right full back He played professionally in Austria and the United States.

Q: What is Eemsmond?
A: Eemsmond is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands.

Q: What is Whatever You Want (Status Quo song)?
A: "Whatever You Want" is a 1979 song by British band Status Quo and is the title track to their 12th studio album Whatever You Want.

Q: What is Haghpat Monastery?
A: Haghpat Monastery, also known as Haghpatavank (), is a medieval monastery complex in Haghpat, Armenia.

Q: What is Colosseum?
A: The Colosseum, also known as the Flavian Amphitheatre, is a large artefact or structure in the city of Rome.

Q: What is Gustavo Baz Prada?
A: Gustavo Baz Prada (29 July 1882) was a Mexican politician.

Q: What is Maidan Shar attack?
A: On 21 January 2019, in central Afghanistan, the Taliban attacked a military compound in Maidan Shar, Maidan Wardak Province.

Q: What is Peggy Cooper Cafritz?
A: Peggy Cooper Cafritz (born Pearl Alice Cooper; April 7, 1947 – February 18, 2018) was an American art collector, educator, civil rights activist, Philanthropy In 1968, she organized a black arts festival and had inner-city students in to the festival.

Q: What is Separately managed account?
A: A Separately Managed Account or SMA is a type of financial investment account.

Q: What is Cultural center?
A: A cultural center (or cultural centre) is an organization, building or complex that promotes culture and arts.

Q: What is Haltlose personality disorder?
A: Haltlose personality disorder is a mental illness manifesting as selfishness, blaming others for the actions they have committed, lacking direction in life and a lack of insight and self-control.

Q: What is Chain Reaction (Diana Ross song)?
A: "Chain Reaction" is a 1985 song by Diana Ross and is the second single from her 16th studio album Eaten Alive.

Q: What is Raniero Cantalamessa?
A: Raniero Cantalamessa (born 22 July 1934) is an Italian Catholic cardinal and priest.

Q: What is Edward Coles?
A: Edward Coles (December 15, 1786 &ndash; July 7, 1868) was the second Governor of Illinois, serving from 1822 to 1826.

Q: What is Sheikh Ahidul Islam?
A: Sheikh Sahidul Islam Politician of Bagerhat District of Bangladesh And elected a member of parliament from Bagerhat-2.

Q: What is Postal codes in Taiwan?
A: Postal codes () in Taiwan is a system of five six digit codes used by Chunghwa Post for postal service in the Republic of China.

Q: What is Nashville Vols?
A: The Nashville Vols were a Minor League Baseball team from Nashville, Tennessee, that played from 1901 to 1963.

Q: What is Thaana?
A: Thaana (also spelled Tãna, Taana, or Tāna, written as ތާނަ) is the writing system used for the Maldivian language, which people speak in the Maldives.

Q: What is Crisis?
A: A crisis is a situation which is difficult, unexpected, or an emergency.

Q: What is Steve Golin?
A: Steven Golin (March 6, 1955 – April 21, 2019) was an American movie and television producer.

Q: What is Epigraph (mathematics)?
A: if and only if the region above its graph (in green) is a convex set.

Q: What is Langkawi Legend Park?
A: The Langkawi Legend Park is a park in Kuah, Langkawi, Kedah, Malaysia.

Q: What is Jewel Staite?
A: Jewel Belair Staite (born June 2, 1982) is a Canadian actress best known for her roles as Catalina in Space Cases, Kaylee Frye in Firefly and Dr.

Q: What is Chaka Khan?
A: Yvette Marie Stevens (better known as Chaka Khan and born March 23, 1953 near Chicago) is a ten time Grammy Award winning American singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Vinyl?
A: Vinyl may be: * Vinyl group, a class of organic molecules in chemistry * Polyvinyl chloride (PVC), a particular vinyl polymer ** PVC clothing, cloth coated in PVC, also commonly used for tablecloths, upholstery, and shoes * Vinyl composition tile, floortiles * Vinyl polymer, a group of polymers derived from vinyl monomers * Vinyl siding, an outer covering of a house.

Q: What is Forest, Louisiana?
A: Forest is a village in West Carroll Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Grafton High School?
A: Grafton High School (abbreviated as GHS) is a secondary school in Grafton, New South Wales, Australia.

Q: What is Dothan, Alabama?
A: Dothan is a city and county seat of Houston County, Alabama.

Q: What is The House I Live In (1957 movie)?
A: The House I Live In () is a 1957 Soviet war movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov and Yakov Segel.

Q: What is Better Days (Bruce Springsteen song)?
A: "Better Days" is a 1992 song by Bruce Springsteen.

Q: What is 99 Cents Only Stores?
A: 99 Cents Only Stores is an American price-point retailer chain.

Q: What is Ramuntxo Camblong?
A: Ramuntxo Camblong (; 11 November 1939 – 12 November 2021) was a French-Basque politician.

Q: What is George Beverly Shea?
A: George Beverly "Bev" Shea (February 1, 1909 &ndash; April 16, 2013) was a Canadian-American singer and songwriter of gospel music, and has written several hymns.

Q: What is Virama?
A: Virama (in Devanagari: ्) is a special symbol used in many Indian scripts.

Q: What is Howard Mudd?
A: Howard Edward Mudd (February 10, 1942 – August 12, 2020) was an American football offensive lineman and coach.

Q: What is Neale Cooper?
A: Neale James Cooper (24 November 1963 &ndash; 28 May 2018) was a Scottish football player and coach.

Q: What is Isekai?
A: is a genre of Japanese manga, anime, light novel, video game, etc.

Q: What is Concordia, Kansas?
A: Concordia is a city in north-eastern Kansas, USA.

Q: What is Chhinnamasta?
A: Chhinnamasta (Sanskrit: छिन्नमस्ता, Chinnamastā, "She whose head is severed") is a Hindu goddess (Devi).

Q: What is Witch Hunt (1994 movie)?
A: Witch Hunt is a 1994 television fantasy horror comedy movie directed by Paul Schrader and starring Dennis Hopper, Penelope Ann Miller, Sheryl Lee Ralph, Julian Sands, Eric Bogosian, Valerie Mahaffey, John Epperson.

Q: What is Forbes?
A: Forbes is an international American business magazine that is published twice in a week.

Q: What is 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup?
A: The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup was the seventh FIFA Women's World Cup, hosted by Canada.

Q: What is Briosne-lès-Sables?
A: Briosne-lès-Sables is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.

Q: What is Restorationism?
A: Restorationism, also called Christian primitivism is a movement that tries to model itself after what is known or believed of the Early Christian Church.

Q: What is Osvaldo Fattori?
A: Osvaldo Fattori (22 June 1922 – 27 December 2017) was an Italian footballer.

Q: What is Copy?
A: Copy means a thing that is made to look like another thing.

Q: What is György Szabad?
A: György Szabad (4 August 1924 – 3 July 2015) was a Hungary Szabad died in Budapest, Hungary, aged 90.

Q: What is Bear (disambiguation)?
A: Bears are a group of large mammals.

Q: What is Sun City, Arizona?
A: Sun City is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, that is within the Phoenix metropolitan area.

Q: What is Stepanakert?
A: Khankendi () is a city in the region of Nagorno-Karabakh, legally in Azerbaijan, but was militarily controlled by the Armenian forces as the capital city of the unrecognised Republic of Artsakh (also known as Nagorno-Karabakh Republic).

Q: What is Cartilage?
A: Cartilage is a flexible connective tissue found in many parts of the body.

Q: What is Hand2Mouth Theatre?
A: Hand2Mouth Theatre is a theater group in Portland, Oregon.

Q: What is Silverstone Circuit?
A: Silverstone Circuit is an English motor racing circuit next to the Northamptonshire villages of Silverstone and Whittlebury.

Q: What is Kisarazu?
A: is a city in Chiba Prefecture, Japan.

Q: What is Jerry Stackhouse?
A: in 2008 Jerry Stackhouse (born November 5, 1974) is a former NBA basketball player who last played for the Atlanta Hawks.

Q: What is Pseudophilautus dimbullae?
A: Pseudophilautus dimbullae is a frog.

Q: What is Attica Prison riot?
A: The Attica Prison uprising, also known as the Attica Prison rebellion or Attica Prison riot, happened at the Attica Correctional Facility in Attica, New York, United States, in 1971.

Q: What is January 6 United States Capitol attack?
A: On the afternoon of Wednesday, January 6, 2021, thousands of supporters of then-U.S.

Q: What is Jamie Whitten?
A: Jamie Lloyd Whitten (April 18, 1910September 9, 1995) was an American politician.

Q: What is NGC 704?
A: NGC 704 is a lenticular galaxy in the Andromeda constellation.

Q: What is Najaf Governorate?
A: Najaf () is a province in southwestern Iraq.

Q: What is Lift coefficient?
A: The lift coefficient (CL or CZ) is coefficient without a dimension that relates the lift generated by an airfoil, the dynamic pressure of the fluid flow around the airfoil, and the planform area of the airfoil.

Q: What is Ludwig Beck?
A: Ludwig August Theodor Beck (29 June 1880 in Wiesbaden – 20 July 1944 in Berlin) was a German general officer.

Q: What is Force field (technology)?
A: A force field is a field of energy that usually blocks something.

Q: What is Flag of Bangladesh?
A: The national flag of Bangladesh (Bengali: বাংলাদেশের জাতীয় পতাকা) was adopted officially on 17 January 1972.

Q: What is Iowa County?
A: Iowa County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Iowa County, Iowa * Iowa County, Wisconsin.

Q: What is Abdul Ghani Baradar?
A: Abdul Ghani Baradar (born 29 September 1963 or 1968) is an Afghan politician who is currently the acting deputy prime minister of Afghanistan.

Q: What is Date and time notation in India?
A: India have 1 standard time called "ISD" Indian Standard Time,However Time Varies From East To West for approx 2 hours.which means if Sun rises at 5:30 in Arunachal Pradesh, Gujrat will Experience it on 7:30 Due to It's Standard Time.

Q: What is Tuple?
A: In mathematics, a tuple is a finite sequence of objects.

Q: What is Apple Wallet?
A: Apple Wallet is an application in iOS that lets users keep coupons, boarding passes, event ticket (admission).

Q: What is Wicklow?
A: Wicklow () is the county town of County Wicklow in Ireland.

Q: What is Mount Cheaha?
A: Cheaha Mountain, often called Mount Cheaha, is the tallest point in the State of Alabama.

Q: What is Is the glass half empty or half full??
A: Is the glass half empty or half full? is an idiom.

Q: What is Thandie Newton?
A: Melanie Thandiwe Newton (; born 6 November 1972) is a British and American movies, including The Pursuit of Happyness and Mission: Impossible II.

Q: What is Leader of the New Zealand Labour Party?
A: The leader of the Labour Party is the highest ranked politician within the New Zealand Labour Party.

Q: What is Cine34?
A: Cine34 is an Italian television channel, owned by Mediaset and directed by Marco Costa.

Q: What is Alexej von Jawlensky?
A: Alexej von Jawlensky (13 March, 1864 – 15 March 1941) was a Russian painter.

Q: What is Langley, British Columbia (district municipality)?
A: The Township of Langley is a district municipality immediately east of the city of Surrey in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.

Q: What is 16 BC?
A: Year 16 BC was either a common year starting on Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday or a leap year starting on Monday or Tuesday of the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Gare du Nord?
A: The Gare du Nord (pronounced [ɡaʁ dy nɔːʁ]; English: North Station), officially Paris-Nord, is one of the seven large mainline railway station in Paris, France.

Q: What is Chan Siu Yuk?
A: Chan Siu Yuk is an archer from Hong Kong.

Q: What is Takeshi's Castle?
A: Takeshi's Castle is a Japanese game show that aired from May 2, 1986 to October 19, 1990 on the Tokyo Broadcasting System.

Q: What is Johnny Stool Pigeon?
A: Johnny Stool Pigeon is a 1949 American crime drama movie directed by William Castle and starring Howard Duff, Shelley Winters, Dan Duryea, Tony Curtis, John McIntire, Leif Erickson, Barry Kelley.

Q: What is Elbridge Gerry?
A: Elbridge Thomas Gerry (July 17, 1744 – November 23, 1814) was an American politician from Massachusetts.

Q: What is Junzo Sekine?
A: was a Japanese professional baseball player.

Q: What is 2017 Westminster attack?
A: The 2017 Westminster attack was a terrorist attack which happened on 22 March in London, England.

Q: What is Garima Chaudhary?
A: Garima Chaudhary (born 2 April 1990) is an Indian judoka.

Q: What is Django Unchained?
A: Django Unchained is a 2012 American western movie directed by Quentin Tarantino.

Q: What is Libra (constellation)?
A: Libra is a constellation of the zodiac and is located in the Southern celestial hemisphere.

Q: What is Au-Haidhausen?
A: Au-Haidhausen (Central Bavarian: Au-Haidhausn) is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Q: What is Takanori Nishikawa?
A: Takanori Nishikawa (born September 19, 1970) is a Japanese singer and actor.

Q: What is 2002 Formula One World Championship?
A: The 2002 Formula One season was the 53rd edition of the championship.

Q: What is Menachem Mendel Schneerson?
A: Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson (April 5, 1902 OS – June 12, 1994) is the seventh and most recent designated leader of the Chabad-Lubavitch movement.

Q: What is Dearborn, Michigan?
A: Dearborn is a city of the Detroit metropolitan area and Wayne County in the state of Michigan in the United States.

Q: What is James Busby?
A: James Busby (7 February 1802 – 15 July 1871) was appointed in 1833 as the "Father" of New Zealand respectively.

Q: What is Throw up?
A: Throw up or throwie is one of the three basic forms of graffiti.

Q: What is Pat Nixon?
A: Patricia Ryan Nixon (March 16, 1912 – June 22, 1993) was an American educator who was the first lady of the United States from 1969 to 1974 as the wife of the 37th president of the United States, Richard Nixon.

Q: What is Id Software?
A: id Software is an American video game company.

Q: What is DWET-TV?
A: DWET-TV (channel 5) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the TV5 network.

Q: What is Glen Davis?
A: Ronald Glen "Big Baby" Davis (born January 1, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the St.

Q: What is Deck the Halls?
A: "Deck the Halls" is a Christmas and New Year's themed song.

Q: What is Blake Shelton?
A: Blake Tollison Shelton (born June 18, 1976) is an American country singer and television personality.

Q: What is Kulachi Tehsil?
A: Kulachi is a city and the headquarters of Kulachi Tehsil (an administrative subdivision) of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Q: What is Area code 276?
A: Area code 276 is a telephone area code in the southwestern part of the state of Virginia in the United States.

Q: What is Resignation of Pope Benedict XVI?
A: Pope Benedict XVI's resignation from the pontificate of the Catholic Church was announced by him on February 11, 2013.

Q: What is Doedicurus?
A: Doedicurus was an extinct armadillo from the family Glyptodontidae, also known as glyptodonts.

Q: What is World Vision International?
A: World Vision International is an ecumenical Christian humanitarian aid, development, and advocacy organization based in California.

Q: What is Rottenegg, Geisenfeld?
A: Rottenegg is a village in the Hallertau of Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Jack Humbeeck?
A: Jack Humbeeck also written as Jaak van Humbeeck (born 5 June 1904) was a Belgian boxing Humbeeck made his debut on 20 May 1921 in Antwerp against Boudinon and won.

Q: What is Louis Sachar?
A: Louis Sachar ( ; born March 20, 1954) is an American children's book author.

Q: What is Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Alexandria?
A: The Eastern Orthodox Pope and Patriarch of Alexandria and all Africa is the head of the Greek Orthodox Church of Alexandria.

Q: What is Ion Mincu University of Architecture and Urbanism?
A: The Ion Mincu University of Architecture and Urbanism is the central university for architecture and urban planning of Romania.

Q: What is Chen Xuejing?
A: Chen Xuejing (born 1 September 1993) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player, and a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team, playing as a forward.

Q: What is Loco, Switzerland?
A: Loco is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

Q: What is Google Books?
A: Google Books is a website run by Google.

Q: What is Châteauneuf-d'Entraunes?
A: Châteauneuf-d'Entraunes is a commune.

Q: What is Amelia Earhart?
A: Amelia Mary Earhart (born July 24, 1897 – disappeared July 2, 1937, declared dead January 5, 1939) was an American aviator, one of the first women to fly a plane long distances.

Q: What is Lemmon, South Dakota?
A: Lemmon is a town in Perkins County, South Dakota, United States.

Q: What is COVID-19 pandemic in Qatar?
A: The first case relating to the COVID-19 pandemic in Qatar was confirmed on 27 February 2020.

Q: What is Jack Rutherford (cricketer)?
A: John Walter Rutherford (25 September 1929 – 21 April 2022) was an Australian cricketer.

Q: What is SR Class CW?
A: The Southern Railway (SR) gave the designation CW to the fleet of AC electric multiple units used on the lines to Coulsdon and Wallington.

Q: What is Butcher?
A: A butcher is person whose job is to prepare and sell meat.

Q: What is Dinosaur renaissance?
A: Dinosaur renaissance is a term coined in a 1975 issue of Scientific American by Robert Bakker to describe the renewed interest in paleontology.

Q: What is Le Bon Marché?
A: Le Bon Marché is one of the leading and most exclusive department stores in the world and is located in Paris on the left bank of the Seine – rive gauche – between Montparnasse and Saint Germain.

Q: What is Peter Oakley?
A: Peter Oakley (20 August 1927 – 23 March 2014) was a British internet blogger.

Q: What is 2020 in movies?
A: 2020 in movies is a history of events, which includes the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies, critics' lists of the best films of 2020, festivals, a list of country-specific lists of films released, and notable deaths.

Q: What is Roraiman barbtail?
A: The Roraiman barbtail (Roraimia adusta) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.

Q: What is Unskinny Bop?
A: "Unskinny Bop" is a 1990 song by American rock band Poison.

Q: What is Mariestad?
A: Mariestad is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden.

Q: What is Inflection point?
A: An inflection point is a point on a curve where the curve changes from being concave (going up, then down) to convex (going down, then up), or the other way around.

Q: What is Frederick Buechner?
A: Carl Frederick Buechner ( ; July 11, 1926 – August 15, 2022) was an American writer, novelist, poet, autobiographer, essayist, preacher, and theologian.

Q: What is 2002 Vancouver municipal election?
A: The Coalition of Progressive Electors (COPE) swept the 2002 Vancouver municipal election, winning 8 of 10 Council seats, 7 of 9 School Board seats and 5 of 7 Park Board seats.

Q: What is Chyna?
A: Chyna (born Joan Marie Laurer; December 27, 1969 &ndash; April 17, 2016) was an American professional wrestler best known for her time in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF).

Q: What is Meraas?
A: Meraas is a private company in Dubai with many businesses in the United Arab Emirates.

Q: What is Père Lachaise Cemetery?
A: Père Lachaise Cemetery ( ; formerly , "Cemetery of the East") is the largest cemetery in Paris, France ().

Q: What is Home on Monday?
A: "Home on A Monday" is a 1977 song by Australian band Little River Band and is the third single from their third studio album Diamantina Cocktail.

Q: What is 1997–98 El Niño event?
A: In 1997–1998, an incredibly strong El Niño took place all over the world.

Q: What is 2018 United States Senate election in North Dakota?
A: The 2018 United States Senate election in North Dakota took place on November 6, 2018.

Q: What is Kanjarbhat?
A: The Kanjarbhat are a nomadic community primarily residing in the state of Maharashtra, India.

Q: What is New Looney Tunes?
A: New Looney Tunes, originally titled Wabbit: A Looney Tunes Production in the US and Bugs! in some markets for its first season, is an American animated television series from Warner Bros.

Q: What is List of cities in Romania?
A: This is a list of cities in Romania, by population for the first section, and a complete listing in the second section:.

Q: What is François Leterrier?
A: François Leterrier (26 May 1929 – 4 December 2020) was a French director and actor.

Q: What is Mahmoud Ahmad Marei?
A: Mahmoud Ahmad Marei (; born 1957) is a Syrian politician, lawyer, current leader of the Arab Organization for Human rights.

Q: What is Hermann Vogel (illustrator)?
A: Hermann Vogel (1856&ndash;1918) was a French painter and illustrator of German origin.

Q: What is Varallo Sesia?
A: Varallo Sesia, commonly known as Varallo, is a comune in the Province of Vercelli in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Q: What is Spencer Davis?
A: Spencer Davis (born Spencer David Nelson Davies, 17 July 1939 – 19 October 2020) was a Welsh musician and multi-instrumentalist.

Q: What is Arctic rabies virus?
A: Arctic rabies virus is a strain of Rabies lyssavirus that circulates throughout the arctic regions of Alaska, Canada, Greenland, and Russia.

Q: What is L'Origine du monde?
A: L'Origine du monde is a painting by Gustave Courbet.

Q: What is Woodleigh MRT station?
A: Woodleigh MRT Station (NE11) is an MRT Station in Singapore.

Q: What is Ögedei Khan?
A: portrait of Ögedei Ögedei (1186-1241) was the third son of Genghis Khan and second Great Khan of the Mongol Empire, after his father.

Q: What is Area code 246?
A: Area code 246 is a part of the telephone numbering plan for Barbados.

Q: What is Ardennes (forest)?
A: The Ardennes (also known as Ardennes Forest) is a mountain range in eastern Belgium (eastern Wallonia), northern Luxembourg (the Oesling) and bordering France (Ardennes (department)).

Q: What is 144 (number)?
A: 144 is a natural number that comes before 145 and after 143.

Q: What is Centre-Ouest Region?
A: Centre-Ouest is a region in Burkina Faso.

Q: What is Ashton Gate Stadium?
A: Ashton Gate Stadium is the home of Bristol City F.C.

Q: What is The Last Train?
A: The Last Train () is a 2002 Argentine Spanish Uruguayan comedy-drama movie directed by Diego Arsuaga and starring Héctor Alterio, Federico Luppi, Pepe Soriano, Gastón Pauls, Alfonso Tort.

Q: What is Parè?
A: Parè was a comune in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Q: What is I Zwicky 18?
A: The I Zwicky 18 is an irregular dwarf galaxy.

Q: What is 2022 Madhesh Provincial Assembly election?
A: Provincial assembly elections happened in Nepal in November 2022.

Q: What is Nagios?
A: Nagios () is a popular open source computer system and network monitoring application software.

Q: What is Patriarch Pavle I?
A: Patriarch Pavle and Patriarch Pavle I may refer to: * Pavle of Smederevo, Archbishop of Peć and self-proclaimed Serbian Patriarch c.

Q: What is Flag of Malaga, Spain?
A: The flag of Malaga () It is colored green and purple and the coat of arms in the center.

Q: What is First Nations in Canada?
A: First Nations () are the people of native tribes who have lived in the lands that are now part of Canada before Europeans came there.

Q: What is Brawlhalla?
A: Brawlhalla is a video game currently owned by Ubisoft, it has super smash bros type gameplay and has a player base of 50 million and climbing.

Q: What is Richard C. Hottelet?
A: Richard Curt Hottelet (September 22, 1917&nbsp;– December 17, 2014) was a Brooklyn-born American broadcast journalist for the latter half of the twentieth century.

Q: What is Foolish Behaviour?
A: Foolish Behaviour is the tenth studio album by Rod Stewart and was released on 21 November 1980 through Warner Bros.

Q: What is Lymington Branch Line?
A: The Lymington branch line is a short line running between Brockenhurst and Lymington Pier.

Q: What is Chen Li-an?
A: Chen Li-an (; born 22 June 1937), sometimes spelled Chen Lu-an, is a Taiwanese electrical engineer, mathematician and retired politician.

Q: What is Petru Pascari?
A: Petru Pascari (; born 22 September 1929 in Stroenți) was a Moldavian SSR politician.

Q: What is Hindu Kush?
A: The Hindu Kush is a range of mountains.

Q: What is Altron?
A: Altron is a Japanese video game developer and publisher founded in 1983.

Q: What is Antigo, Wisconsin?
A: Antigo ( ) is a city in and the county seat of Langlade County, Wisconsin The name "Antigo" comes from the Chippewa Indian name for the river that flows through the area, "Nequi-Antigo-sebi" meaning "spring river" or "evergreen.".

Q: What is Casey Demons?
A: The Casey Demons, formerly called the Springvale Football Club and later the Casey Scorpions, are a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

Q: What is Moose River Plains Wild Forest?
A: The Moose River Plains Wild Forest is a forest in Adirondack Park, which is in the Hamilton and Herkimer counties in the U.S.

Q: What is Orlando City SC?
A: Orlando City Soccer Club is an American professional soccer club in Orlando, Florida.

Q: What is École du Louvre?
A: École du Louvre it is a public institution of French higher education located in the Louvre Palace in Paris and teaches art history studies.

Q: What is Aldebaran?
A: Aldebaran (α Tau, α Tauri, Alpha Tauri) is an orange giant star.

Q: What is Alex (footballer, born 1983)?
A: Alex Antônio de Melo Santos, or simply Alex (born April 16, 1983), is a Brazilian former football midfielder.

Q: What is Walt Koken?
A: Walt Koken (born October 9, 1946, Columbia, Missouri) is an American claw-hammer banjo player and old-time fiddler, who received the Nashville Old-Time String Band Association's Heritage Award for 2016.

Q: What is Mimic octopus?
A: The Mimic octopus (Thaumoctopus mimicus) is a type of octopus that can mimic flatfish, starfish, eels, sea snakes, coral and more kinds of animals.

Q: What is IOS 15?
A: iOS 15 is the fifteenth major release of the iOS mobile operating system developed by Apple for its iPhone and iPod Touch lines of products.

Q: What is Sitaram Mahato?
A: Sitaram Mahato is a Nepalese politician, former state minister, and Member of the House of Representatives (Nepal) representing Sunsari-2, Province No.

Q: What is Trumpeldor Cemetery?
A: Trumpeldor Cemetery (, also called the Tel Aviv old cemetery) is a cemetery in Tel Aviv, Israel.

Q: What is Paramount Media Networks?
A: Paramount Media Networks, called MTV Networks from 1984 until 2011, is a media company.

Q: What is Fukui Shrine?
A: Fukui Shrine (福井神社) is an important Shinto shrine located in Fukui city.

Q: What is When We Dance?
A: "When We Dance" is a 1994 song by Sting and was one of the two new singles from his greatest hits album Fields of Gold: The Best of Sting 1984–1994.

Q: What is Star Trek IV?
A: The Voyage Home: Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home was the fourth movie set in the Star Trek universe.

Q: What is Interference?
A: In physics, interference is the effect of wave functions.

Q: What is Charles Cyphers?
A: Charles Cyphers (July 28, 1939 &ndash; August 4, 2024) was an American movie, television, and stage actor who was known for his role as Sheriff Leigh Brackett in Halloween (1978) and Halloween Kills (2021).

Q: What is Longvilliers?
A: Longvilliers is the name of two communes in France: * Longvilliers, Pas-de-Calais * Longvilliers, Yvelines.

Q: What is Architectural theory?
A: (1856) by Eugène Viollet-le-Duc Architectural theory is thinking, discussing, and writing about architecture.

Q: What is Rasual Butler?
A: Rasual Butler (May 23, 1979 – January 31, 2018) was an American professional basketball player.

Q: What is Saint-Laurent-sur-Saône?
A: Saint-Laurent-sur-Saône is a commune.

Q: What is Chairperson of the Parliament of Georgia?
A: The Chairperson of the Parliament of Georgia (, Sakartvelos p’arlament’is tavmjdomare) is the Speaker of the House in the Parliament of Georgia.

Q: What is Liposuction?
A: Liposuction is an invasive cosmetic surgery in which fat is removed in one or more areas of the body.

Q: What is Liquid Glass?
A: Liquid Glass is a design style and graphical user interface created by Apple Inc.

Q: What is Televisión Independiente de México?
A: Televisión Independiente de México ( known on air as TIM or Cadena TIM) is a Mexican national television network founded in 1965 by Eugenio Garza Sada.

Q: What is The Boy Who Cried Wolf?
A: The Boy Who Cried Wolf is a fable by Aesop.

Q: What is Tula Mountains?
A: Tula Mountains are large group of mountains in Enderby Land, Antarctica.

Q: What is Laviolle?
A: Laviolle is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France with a population of 130 as of 1999.

Q: What is Just Go with It?
A: Just Go with It is a 2011 American romantic comedy movie directed by Dennis Dugan, written by Allan Loeb and Timothy Dowling.

Q: What is Brent Yonts?
A: Brent Yonts (March 21, 1949 – August 20, 2021) was an American politician.

Q: What is Renewable energy?
A: Renewable energy comes from renewable resources.

Q: What is Gender transition?
A: Gender transition is the process of changing one's gender from the one they were identified at birth to the one how they currently identify as.

Q: What is Shanghaiing?
A: Shanghaiing is a term from nautical language: it refers to forcing a person to work on a ship, using trickery, intimidation or violence.

Q: What is Earthworm?
A: An earthworm is an invertebrate animal with a long, stretchy body and no legs.

Q: What is Ōnin?
A: was a after Bunshō and before Bunmei.

Q: What is Steven Hilliard Stern?
A: Steven Hilliard Stern (November 1, 1937 &ndash; June 27, 2018) was a Canadian-born Money.

Q: What is Big Bully Busick?
A: Nick Conrad Busick (June 1, 1954 – May 8, 2018) was an American professional wrestler and police officer.

Q: What is Saga?
A: Sagas are stories mostly about ancient Nordic and Germanic life.

Q: What is GABA?
A: GABA is gamma-Aminobutyric acid (γ-Aminobutyric acid).

Q: What is Kansas City Monarchs?
A: The Kansas City Monarchs were an American baseball team.

Q: What is Davey Johnson?
A: David Allen Johnson (January 30, 1943 – September 5, 2025) was an American professional baseball player and manager.

Q: What is Pomo?
A: The Pomo were a Native American tribe who lived in what is now Northern California by the Russian River.

Q: What is Lucien Bouchard?
A: Lucien Bouchard (; born December 22, 1938) is a Canadian retired lawyer, diplomat, politician and former Minister of the Environment of the Canadian Federal Government.

Q: What is Paranormal television?
A: Paranormal television is a genre of popular reality television programming.

Q: What is Television?
A: A television set (also known as a television receiver or televisor or simply a television, TV set, TV receiver or TV) is a machine with a screen or set of lenses.

Q: What is Temecula, California?
A: Temecula is a city in southwestern Riverside County, California, United States.

Q: What is Caves of Azerbaijan?
A: There are many natural caves in Azerbaijan.

Q: What is The Birth of a Nation?
A: The Birth of a Nation is a 1915 silent drama movie.

Q: What is Location?
A: In geography, the term location or geographical location is the place or location used to identify a point on the surface of the Earth or any other place in relation to the countries and bodies of water adjacent to this place.

Q: What is Cecilia Díaz?
A: Cecilia Díaz Mesa (born 19 June 1996) is a Cuban water polo player.

Q: What is David Maxwell Fyfe, 1st Earl of Kilmuir?
A: David Patrick Maxwell Fyfe, 1st Earl of Kilmuir, (29 May 1900 – 27 January 1967), known as Sir David Maxwell Fyfe from 1942 to 1954 and as Viscount Kilmuir from 1954 to 1962, was a British Conservative politician, lawyer and judge.

Q: What is Phat kaphrao?
A: Phat kaphrao is one of the most popular dishes in Thailand.

Q: What is Stadio Renato Dall'Ara?
A: Stadio Renato Dall'Ara is a multi-purpose stadium in Bologna, Italy.

Q: What is Joan Allen?
A: Joan Allen (born August 20, 1956) is an American actress.

Q: What is NUbuntu?
A: nUbuntu or Network Ubuntu is a project to take the existing Ubuntu operating system and remaster it as a Live CD and Full install with tools needed for penetration testing servers and networks.

Q: What is Pierino Prati?
A: Pierino Prati (13 December 1946 &ndash; 22 June 2020) was an Italian football player.

Q: What is Sejong City?
A: Sejong or Sejong City (; ), officially Sejong Special Self-Governing City (), is a special self-governing city and the de facto administrative capital of South Korea.

Q: What is Costa Rican colón?
A: The colón is the official currency of Costa Rica.

Q: What is Billy Joe Royal?
A: Billy Joe Royal (April 3, 1942 – October 6, 2015) was an American pop and country singer.

Q: What is East Brewton, Alabama?
A: East Brewton is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States.

Q: What is Sydney Thunder?
A: The Sydney Thunder is an Australian professional men's cricket team from Sydney that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL).

Q: What is Ivan Sharpe?
A: Ivan Gordon Sharpe (15 June 1889 – 9 February 1968) was an English amateur footballer.

Q: What is Southport, Connecticut?
A: Southport is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Q: What is Beret, Hungary?
A: Beret is a village in Encs District in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County, Hungary.

Q: What is Julian May?
A: Julian Clare May (July 10, 1931 – October 17, 2017) was an American science fiction, fantasy, horror, science and children's writer.

Q: What is Geoffrey IV, Count of Anjou?
A: Geoffrey IV ( – 11 May 1106), called Martel (the Hammer), was a French nobleman who was the Count of Anjou from 1096 until his death.

Q: What is Ötzi the Iceman?
A: Ötzi the Iceman, or Otzi, (pronounced as Œtsi, in German hikers in the Schnalstal glacier, Ötzti Alps, near Hauslabjoch on the border between Austria and Italy.

Q: What is London station group?
A: The London station group is a group of 18 railway stations in central London.

Q: What is Volga, Iowa?
A: Volga is a city in Iowa in the United Statesof america.

Q: What is Tierceville?
A: Tierceville is a former commune.

Q: What is List of Chinese mathematicians?
A: This is a list of noted mathematicians from China.

Q: What is Cully, Calvados?
A: Cully, Calvados is a former commune.

Q: What is Stephen Gaghan?
A: Stephen Gaghan (; born May 6, 1965) is an American screenwriter and director.

Q: What is Donald II of Scotland?
A: Donald II was king of the Picts and the last to be officially named that, although Constantine II claimed to be king of the Picts, in reality he ruled the newly founded Alban kingdom.

Q: What is Rovereto?
A: Rovereto (; "wood of sessile oaks") is a city and comune in Trentino in northern Italy.

Q: What is Jeffrey Jones?
A: Jeffrey Duncan Jones (born September 28, 1946) is an American movie, television, voice, and stage actor who is best known for his roles as Emperor Joseph II in Miloš Forman’s Amadeus, Charles Deetz in Beetlejuice, and Dean of Students Edward R.

Q: What is Pernilla Wahlgren?
A: Pernilla Nina Elisabeth Wahlgren, born 24 December 1967 in Gustavsberg, Sweden, is a Swedish singer, actress and presenter.

Q: What is Barnabas Sibusiso Dlamini?
A: Barnabas Sibusiso Dlamini (15 May 1942 &ndash; 28 September 2018) was a Swazi politician.

Q: What is Wu Chengzhang?
A: Wu Chengzhang or Woo Cheng-Chang (born 7 May 1924) is a Olympic tournament.

Q: What is Serge Gnabry?
A: Serge David Gnabry (born 14 July 1995) is a German professional footballer who plays as a winger for Bayern Munich and the Germany national football team.

Q: What is Windom, Minnesota?
A: Windom is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Q: What is Montmelon?
A: Montmelon was a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Q: What is Andrew Smith?
A: Andrew Smith (September 9, 1990 &ndash; January 12, 2016) was an American basketball player.

Q: What is Concha Ibáñez?
A: Concha Ibáñez Escobar, also, Conxa Ibáñez (26 March 1926 – 22 December 2022) is a Catalan painter and writer.

Q: What is Austrian Cup?
A: The Austrian Cup (German: ÖFB-Cup) is an football (soccer) competition held by the Austrian Football Association, the ÖFB.

Q: What is Holbrook, Suffolk?
A: Holbrook is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Q: What is Erich Wolfgang Korngold?
A: Erich Wolfgang Korngold (May 29, 1897 - November 29, 1957) was an Austrian-born American composer and conductor.

Q: What is Cornufer boulengeri?
A: The Kandrian wrinkled ground frog, Boulenger's wrinkled ground frog or Boulenger's Platymantis (Cornufer boulengeri) is a frog.

Q: What is Ari Ne'eman?
A: Ari Ne'eman (pronounced neh-uh-MAHN; born December 10, 1987) is an American autism rights activist.

Q: What is Dryosaurus?
A: Dryosaurus was a small plant-eating ornithopod dinosaur that lived in forests of western North America around 150 million years ago.

Q: What is Nancy Friday?
A: Nancy Colbert Friday (August 27, 1933 – November 5, 2017) was an American author who wrote on the topics of female sexuality and liberation.

Q: What is Hideki Uchidate?
A: Hideki Uchidate (born 15 January 1974) is a former Japanese football player.

Q: What is Portrait of the mother (Boccioni)?
A: Portrait of the mother (also known as Ritratto della madre) is a 20th-century late filippinism painted in oil by Umberto boccioni.

Q: What is President of the Church (LDS Church)?
A: The president of the church is the highest office of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).

Q: What is Northern Mariana Islands women's national football team?
A: The Northern Mariana Islands women's national football team represents the Northern Mariana Islands in international women's football.

Q: What is Los Angeles Sparks?
A: The Los Angeles Sparks are an American professional basketball team.

Q: What is Long Eaton School?
A: Long Eaton School is a school for children in the town of Long Eaton in south east Derbyshire.

Q: What is Robert Broom?
A: Professor Robert Broom (Paisley, 30 November 1866 – 6 April 1951) was a Scottish, and later South African, doctor and palaeontologist.

Q: What is Pteraspid?
A: Pteraspids were early agnathan vertebrates.

Q: What is Tha Eastsidaz?
A: Tha Eastsidaz were an American West Coast hip hop trio.

Q: What is Labour (constituency)?
A: The Labour is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1985.

Q: What is Leap year starting on Sunday?
A: A leap year starting on Sunday is any leap year (i.e.

Q: What is Beothuk?
A: Beothuk is a Canadian First Nation group in Newfoundland.

Q: What is G major?
A: G major (or the key of G) is a major scale based on G, with the pitches G, A, B, C, D, E, F, and G.

Q: What is János Dalmati?
A: János Dalmati (26 February 1942 &ndash; 29 September 2020) was a Hungarian racewalker.

Q: What is Akkineni Nageswara Rao?
A: Akkineni Nageswara Rao (20 September 1923 – 22 January 2014) was an India Rao died on 22 January 2014 in Hyderabad from cancer aged 90.

Q: What is La Chapelle-Montlinard?
A: La Chapelle-Montlinard is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France.

Q: What is Nilgiri Hills?
A: Nilgiri Hills is a mountain range in Western Ghats of India.

Q: What is Azerbaijan at the Youth Olympics?
A: Azerbaijan has participated at the Summer Youth Olympic Games in every edition since the inaugural 2010 Games and they participated the first time at the Winter Youth Olympic Games on 2020 Games.

Q: What is Verona?
A: Verona is a city in the Veneto region of Italy with 260,000 inhabitants.

Q: What is Dinesh Karthik?
A: Krishnakumar Dinesh Karthik is a professional cricketer and commentator from India.

Q: What is Pheiroijam?
A: Pheiroijam (Feiroijam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin.

Q: What is Francombat?
A: Francombat is a French martial art similar to jiu-jitsu.

Q: What is Pabellón criollo?
A: The national dish of Venezuela is called Pabellón Criollo and is made up of four foods, pulled beef, black beans, plantain, and rice.

Q: What is ARM?
A: An arm is an upper limb of the body.

Q: What is Pop metal?
A: Pop metal (often confused with glam metal) is an umbrella term for commercial heavy metal.

Q: What is Fragments (movie)?
A: Fragments or Winged Creatures is a 2008 crime-drama movie.

Q: What is Percy Jackson?
A: Sea of Monsters: Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters is a 2013 fantasy adventure movie directed by Thor Freudenthal from a screenplay Marc Guggenheim, based on the 2006 novel The Sea of Monsters by Rick Riordan.

Q: What is Masolino da Panicale?
A: Masolino da Panicale (common name Tommaso di Cristoforo Fini, born around 1383 in Panicale, died 1447 in Florence) was an Italian painter.

Q: What is London, Ohio?
A: London is a city in and the county seat of Madison County, Ohio, United States.

Q: What is Sekhmet?
A: In Egyptian mythology, Sekhmet was the goddess of the sun, fire plagues, healing and war.

Q: What is Pedal (music)?
A: Pedals on musical instruments are used to control parts of the instrument, or provide extra notes.

Q: What is Wolfgang (wrestler)?
A: Barry Young (born 3 December 1986), better known by his ring name Wolfgang, is a Scottish professional wrestler.

Q: What is Faggot (slang)?
A: Faggot (or fag) is an insulting term for a homosexual person.

Q: What is Congo clawless otter?
A: The Congo clawless otter (Aonyx congicus) is a type of otter.

Q: What is Level (device)?
A: Level is a device used to measure true horizontal or relative heights, frequently used in surveying and construction: *Reed level *Spirit level or bubble level *Dumpy level *Laser line level.

Q: What is Dark Paradise?
A: Dark Paradise is a song by singer and songwriter, Lana Del Rey from her album, Born to Die.

Q: What is Birkirkara?
A: Birkirkara is a city in the central region of Malta.

Q: What is Byron White?
A: Byron Raymond White (June 8, 1917&nbsp;– April 15, 2002) was an American judge and former football player.

Q: What is Thitarodes baimaensis?
A: Thitarodes baimaensis is a species of moth.

Q: What is Life (Culture Club album)?
A: Life is an album by Culture Club.

Q: What is Possum?
A: The possum is an Australasian marsupial which was later introduced to China and New Zealand.

Q: What is Vicente Blasco Ibañez?
A: Vicente Blasco Ibáñez (29 January 1867-28 January 1928) was a Spanish realist novelist writing in Spanish, a screenwriter and occasional film director.

Q: What is Saint-Martin-de-Ré?
A: Saint-Martin-de-Ré is a commune.

Q: What is Raorchestes cangyuanensis?
A: The Honnametti bush frog (Roarchestes honnametti) is a frog.

Q: What is Rúben Neves?
A: Rúben Diogo da Silva Neves (, born 13 March 1997) is Portuguese professional footballers, He currently plays Al Hilal for the Saudi Professional League and Portugal national football team.

Q: What is An Affair to Remember?
A: An Affair to Remember is a 1957 American romance movie directed by Leo McCarey and starring Cary Grant, Deborah Kerr, Richard Denning, Neva Patterson, Cathleen Nesbitt.

Q: What is Francisco Ferrer y Guardia?
A: Francesc Ferrer i Guàrdia (; 14 January 1859 – 13 October 1909) commonly known as Francisco Ferrer, was a Spanish Catalan "free-thinker" and anarchist.

Q: What is Saint-Sever-Calvados?
A: Saint-Sever-Calvados is a former commune.

Q: What is Gambino crime family?
A: The Gambino crime family is one of the "Five Families" that controls organized crime activities based in New York City, United States, within the Mafia (or Cosa Nostra).

Q: What is Epinephelus bleekeri?
A: Epinephelus bleekeri, is a type of fish.

Q: What is Zhongnanhai?
A: Zhongnanhai is the offices of and residence for the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party and the State Council.

Q: What is Boyer Brothers?
A: Boyer Brothers, Inc., is a candy company in Altoona, Pennsylvania.

Q: What is Charmbracelet?
A: Charmbracelet is the ninth album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey.

Q: What is Jenna Fischer?
A: Regina Marie Fischer (born March 7, 1974), better known as Jenna Fischer, is an American actress.

Q: What is Windows Media Player?
A: Windows Media Player is a digital media player made by Microsoft.

Q: What is View of Delft?
A: View of Delft is an oil painting.

Q: What is Lausanne (district)?
A: Lausanne is a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.

Q: What is Darren Walsh (director)?
A: Darren Walsh is an English director, animator, writer, actor, voice artist, and comedian.

Q: What is Jakobsberg?
A: Jakobsberg is a place in the county of Stockholm in Sweden.

Q: What is ACME Night?
A: ACME Night was a weekly American programming block.

Q: What is Guo Zhenqian?
A: Guo Zhenqian (; February 1933 – 13 August 2019) was a Chinese Communists politician and banker.

Q: What is Hassocks?
A: Hassocks is a large village in West Sussex, England.

Q: What is Leap year?
A: A leap year is a calendar year in which an extra day is added to the Gregorian calendar, which is used by most of the world.

Q: What is Hiccups?
A: A hiccup (also spelled hiccough) is sudden tightening of the diaphragm, which is a muscle inside the chest and below the lungs that causes air to be pulled in.

Q: What is Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina?
A: The Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina is the second-in-command to the Governor of South Carolina.

Q: What is Rocket engine nozzle?
A: A rocket engine nozzle is a nozzle used in a rocket engine to make the burning propellants go out faster and over a bigger area.

Q: What is Craig Brown (footballer, born 1940)?
A: Craig Brown CBE (1 July 1940 &ndash; 26 June 2023) was a Scottish professional football player and manager.

Q: What is 1971–72 Austrian Cup?
A: The 1971-72 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition.

Q: What is Syasstroy?
A: Syasstroy () is a town in Leningrad Oblast, Russia.

Q: What is Dublin, California?
A: Dublin is a suburban city in the San Francisco Bay Area of California.

Q: What is Nacogdoches County, Texas?
A: Nacogdoches County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is World Grand Prix (snooker)?
A: The World Grand Prix is a snooker tournament.

Q: What is Santi Carzola?
A: Santiago "Santi" Cazorla González (; born 13 December 1984) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Segunda División club Real Oviedo.

Q: What is Anirudh Ravichander?
A: Anirudh Ravichander, also known by his first name as Anirudh, is an Indian singer and music composer who mainly works for Tamil film industry.

Q: What is Wendy Wasserstein?
A: Wendy Wasserstein (October 18, 1950 – January 30, 2006) was an American playwright.

Q: What is Phenomenon (LL Cool J song)?
A: "Phenomenon" is a 1997 song by LL Cool J and is the title track to his seventh studio album Phenomenon.

Q: What is Tonara?
A: Tonara (Tonàra) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is Angela Spook?
A: Angelika Tampier known under the name Angela Spook (14 March 1954 – 20 July 2020) was a German witch and street performer.

Q: What is Aberystwyth railway station?
A: Aberystwyth railway station () is a train station in Aberystwyth, Wales.

Q: What is The Proud Family?
A: The Proud Family is an American animated television series that aired on Disney Channel from September 15, 2001 to November 26, 2005 and co-produced by Disney Channel Original Productions and Medialab Studio LA (seasons 1-2) and Jambalaya Studios in association with The Walt Disney Company.

Q: What is Gelora Bung Karno Stadium?
A: Gelora Bung Karno Stadium is a main stadium in Gelora Bung Karno Sports Complex, Jakarta, Indonesia.

Q: What is Hero/Heroine?
A: "Hero / Heroine" is the 2nd single by rock and roll-Alternative pop band Boys Like Girls.

Q: What is Red Lake Falls, Minnesota?
A: Red Lake Falls is a city in the U.S.

Q: What is Nils A. Røhne?
A: Nils Amund Røhne (20 April 1949 &ndash; 10 January 2022) was a Norwegian politician.

Q: What is Jason Ritter?
A: Jason Morgan Ritter (born February 17, 1980) is an American actor.

Q: What is Makeful?
A: Makeful is a Canadian pay television channel owned by Blue Ant Media.

Q: What is North and South?
A: North and South is a novel by John Jakes.

Q: What is Drive-In Saturday?
A: "Drive-In Saturday" is a 1973 glam rock song by David Bowie and is the second single from his sixth studio album Aladdin Sane.

Q: What is Virgil van Dijk?
A: Virgil van Dijk (born 8 July 1991) is a Dutch professional footballer.

Q: What is Wasterkingen?
A: Wasterkingen (Zurich German: Waschterchinge) is a municipality in the district Bülach in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.

Q: What is Broad Wall (Jerusalem)?
A: The Broad Wall ( HaChoma HaRechava) is an old wall.

Q: What is Monroe Township, Middlesex County, New Jersey?
A: Monroe Township is a township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Q: What is Robbe De Hert?
A: Robin François (Robbe) De Hert (20 September 1942 – 24 August 2020) was an English-born Belgian movie director.

Q: What is Abdelbaset al-Megrahi?
A: Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi (1 April 1952 – 20 May 2012) was a Libyan man who was convicted for the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland.

Q: What is Pontiac Aztek?
A: The Pontiac Aztek was a mid-size crossover sold by the Pontiac division of General Motors from 2001 to 2005.

Q: What is Prisoner's dilemma?
A: The prisoner's dilemma is a paradox about co-operation.

Q: What is Linda Martín Alcoff?
A: Linda Martín Alcoff is a Latin American philosophy professor at Hunter College in New York City.

Q: What is Thou (unit)?
A: The thou (abbreviation th) or mil (mainly United States) is a unit of length in the Imperial System and the United States Customary Units.

Q: What is Ride My See-Saw?
A: "Ride My See-Saw" is a 1968 song by English progressive rock band The Moody Blues and is the second single from their third studio album In Search of the Lost Chord.

Q: What is Amir Hossein Azmoudeh?
A: Amir Hossein Azmoudeh (; born in 1908 in Tehran - died in 1998 in France) was one of the senior soldiers of the Pahlavi period.

Q: What is Next Generation (magazine)?
A: Next Generation was an American monthly video game magazine.

Q: What is Trevor Johansen?
A: Trevor Daniel Johansen (born March 30, 1957 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 286 games in the National Hockey League.

Q: What is Greg Davies?
A: Gregory Daniel Davies (born 14 May 1968) is a British stand-up comedian and actor.

Q: What is Don't Grieve?
A: Don't Grieve (; ) is a 1969 Georgian comedy-drama movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya and was based on the novel My Uncle Benjamen by Claude Tillier.

Q: What is Ethan Berkowitz?
A: Ethan Avram Berkowitz (born February 4, 1962) is an American lawyer, radio personality, businessman and politician.

Q: What is Gina Haspel?
A: Gina Cheri Haspel (born October 1, 1956) is an American intelligence officer.

Q: What is Brunella Bovo?
A: Brunella Bovo (4 March 1932 – 21 February 2017) was an Italian movie and television actress.

Q: What is 2020–21 United States Senate special election in Georgia?
A: A special election was held to elect a Senator from the U.S.

Q: What is Ngangningsing?
A: Ngangningsing Atengba was the first king of Ancient Moirang.

Q: What is 18 Days?
A: "18 Days" is the second single off the 2008 album by Saving Abel called Saving Abel.

Q: What is New York Film Critics Circle Awards?
A: New York Film Critics Circle Awards are awards given every year for excellence in cinema worldwide.

Q: What is Courtelary?
A: Courtelary is the capital of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Time zone?
A: Time zones give specific areas on the Earth a time of day that is earlier or later than the neighboring time zones.

Q: What is You're the First Time I've Thought About Leaving?
A: "You're the First Time I've Thought About Leaving" is a 1983 song by country singer Reba McEntire and is the third single from her fifth studio album Unlimited.

Q: What is Dallas Willard?
A: Dallas Albert Willard (September 4, 1935 &ndash; May 8, 2013) was an American philosopher also known for his writings on Christian spiritual formation.

Q: What is Saint Vitus?
A: Vitus was born in Sicily in southern Italy.

Q: What is Anchors Aweigh (movie)?
A: Anchors Aweigh is a 1945 American musical comedy movie.

Q: What is Newcastle, New South Wales?
A: Newcastle () is a city in New South Wales, Australia.

Q: What is Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians?
A: Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians are a club of LGBT persons who go against abortion while at the same time representing the LGBT community.

Q: What is Doda?
A: Doda may refer to: * Doda, Jammu and Kashmir, a town in India * Doda district, in Jammu and Kashmir, India * Doda (singer) (Dorota Rabczewska-Stępień, born 1984), Polish musician.

Q: What is Hutchins Landing, Mississippi?
A: Hutchins Landing was an unincorporated forest ghost town in Adams County, Mississippi.

Q: What is Mining?
A: :Explosives that explode when they are hit are also called mine; Two common types are Land mines and Naval mines.

Q: What is Tango in the Night?
A: Tango in the Night is the 14th studio album by British American band Fleetwood Mac.

Q: What is Ohře?
A: The Ohře () is a river in Germany and the Czech Republic and is a left tributary of the Elbe.

Q: What is South American sea lion?
A: The South American sea lion (Otaria flavescens), is a type of sea lion.

Q: What is Chandragrohon?
A: Chandragrohon: The Lunar Eclipse is a Bangladeshi movie based on a short story written by Indian Bengali author Syed Mustafa Siraj.

Q: What is Martindale, Texas?
A: Martindale is a city in Caldwell County, Texas, United States.

Q: What is West Fertilizer Plant explosion?
A: The West Fertilizer Plant explosion was an explosion in West, Texas, near Waco, United States.

Q: What is I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For?
A: "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" is a 1987 song by Irish rock group U2 and is the second single from their fifth studio album The Joshua Tree.

Q: What is Alan Kalter?
A: Alan Robert Kalter (March 21, 1943 &ndash; October 4, 2021) was an American television announcer.

Q: What is Chad Morgan (actress)?
A: Chad Morgan (born September 21, 1973) is an American actress best known for her voice-over work on Adult Swim's Robot Chicken, where she voices celebrities.

Q: What is Casentino?
A: The Casentino is the valley in which the first tract of the Arno River flows till Subbiano, in the Italian region Tuscany.

Q: What is George Carlin?
A: George Denis Patrick Carlin (May 12, 1937 – June 22, 2008) was an American actor, comedian and writer.

Q: What is Ground meat?
A: Ground meat (also known as minced meat ) is meat that is finely chopped by a meat grinder or a chopping knife.

Q: What is Delhi Crime?
A: Delhi Crime is an Indian crime anthology series released on Netflix.

Q: What is If?
A: If is a word to describe a statement where one thing depends on something else.

Q: What is Ann Arbor, Michigan?
A: Ann Arbor is a city in the US state of Michigan.

Q: What is C. Vidyasagar Rao?
A: Chennamaneni Vidyasagar Rao (born 12 February 1941) is an Indian politician.

Q: What is NGC 4587?
A: NGC 4587 is a lenticular galaxy in the Virgo constellation.

Q: What is Sepoy?
A: A sepoy was an Indian footsoldier (of whatever religion) in the East India Company army or the British Indian Army.

Q: What is Original design manufacturer?
A: An original design manufacturer (ODM) is a company that designs and makes a product, which is later sold under another company’s brand.

Q: What is Lozère's 1st constituency?
A: Lozère's constituency (, ) is a constituency of France.

Q: What is Dan Kohn?
A: Dan Kohn (November 20, 1972November 1, 2020) was an American businessman and nonprofit executive.

Q: What is Area codes 904 and 324?
A: Area code 904 and 324 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) serving the state of Florida in the United States.

Q: What is Schizotypal personality disorder?
A: Schizotypal personality disorder (also called Schizotypal disorder) is a personality disorder.

Q: What is The Writing on the Wall (Iron Maiden song)?
A: "The Writing on the Wall" is a 2021 song by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden.

Q: What is Military branch?
A: Military branch (also service branch or armed service) is a part of the armed forces of a sovereign state.

Q: What is Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans?
A: Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans (13 September 1676 – 23 December 1744) was a niece of Louis XIV and wife of Leopold, Duke of Lorraine.

Q: What is Jennifer McClellan?
A: Jennifer Leigh McClellan (born December 28, 1972) is an American politician and lawyer.

Q: What is Kashmir?
A: Kashmir, previously spelled Cashmere, is a region located in the northern part of the Indian subcontinent.

Q: What is The Last Man Expanding?
A: "The Last Man Expanding" is the thirteenth episode of the thirty-sixth season of The Simpsons.

Q: What is Vistula–Oder offensive?
A: The Vistula-Oder offensive, was an operation by the Red Army of the Soviet Union against the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany that happened on the Eastern Front of the European theatre of World War II and took place from 12 January - 2 February 1945.

Q: What is Blackpool Tower?
A: Blackpool Tower is a tall structure in Blackpool, a North England seaside town.

Q: What is Cleve Loney?
A: Cleve Loney (November 5, 1950 – August 22, 2020) was an American politician.

Q: What is Tiger shark?
A: The tiger shark (Galeocerdo cuvier) is a species of requiem shark, and is the only member of the genus Galeocerdo.

Q: What is Mundilfari (moon)?
A: Mundilfari or Saturn&nbsp;XXV, is a moon of Saturn.

Q: What is Nepal Nag?
A: Nepal Nag (September 19, 1909 – October 4, 1978) was a Bengali politician, activist and a leader of Communist Party.

Q: What is Frances the Mute?
A: Frances the Mute is the second studio album by American progressive rock band The Mars Volta released in February 2005 on Gold Standard Laboratories and Universal.

Q: What is Devils Corner, Wisconsin?
A: Devils Corner is an unincorporated community in the town of Pepin, Pepin County, Wisconsin, United States.

Q: What is Splendora, Texas?
A: Splendora is a city in Montgomery County, Texas, United States.

Q: What is Raymond Leo Burke?
A: Raymond Leo Burke (born June 30, 1948) is an American prelate of the Catholic Church.

Q: What is Sea ice?
A: Sea ice is simply frozen ocean water.

Q: What is Dominic Brunt?
A: Dominic Adam Brunt (born 15 April 1970) is an English actor, director and producer.

Q: What is Cross-country race?
A: A Cross-country race is any running race that takes place on different types of terrain.

Q: What is Marv Albert?
A: Marv Albert (born Marvin Philip Aufrichtig; June 12, 1941) is an American sportscaster.

Q: What is Holy Grail (Hunters & Collectors song)?
A: "Holy Grail" is a 1993 song by Australian rock band Hunters & Collectors and is the fifth single from their seventh studio album Cut.

Q: What is 1921–22 Austrian Cup?
A: The 1921-22 Austrian Cup was Austria's national cup competition.

Q: What is Gérard Kango Ouédraogo?
A: Gérard Kango Ouédraogo (19 September 1925 &ndash; 1 July 2014) was Prime Minister of Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso) from 13 February 1971 to 8 February 1974.

Q: What is Pillowtalk?
A: "Pillowtalk" is a song recorded by English singer Zayn Malik.

Q: What is Larry Zeidel?
A: Lazarus "Larry, Rock" Zeidel (June 1, 1928 – June 17, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player.

Q: What is Jackie Wilson Said (I'm in Heaven When You Smile)?
A: "Jackie Wilson Said (I'm in Heaven When You Smile)" is a 1972 song by Northern Irish singer Van Morrison and is the leading single from his sixth studio album Saint Dominic's Preview.

Q: What is Diameter?
A: In geometry, the diameter of a circle is a line from one side directly to the opposite side through the center.

Q: What is 117?
A: __NOTOC__ Year 117 (CXVII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Chuck Scherza?
A: Chuck Scherza (February 15, 1923 – March 16, 2014) is a former professional ice hockey player who played 11 seasons in the American Hockey League, winning a Calder Cup championship in 1949.

Q: What is Zinc chloride?
A: Zinc chloride is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Ħalfa Rock?
A: Ħalfa Rock (Maltese: Il-Ġebla tal-Ħalfa or Il-Blata tal-Ħalfa) is a deserted small islet and limestone rock on the south-east coast of the island of Gozo in the Malta.

Q: What is Tennessine?
A: Tennessine is a radioactive superheavy man-made chemical element.

Q: What is Amber?
A: , Cerambycidae) in amber Amber is the common name for fossil resin.

Q: What is Kilchberg, Basel-Landschaft?
A: Kilchberg is a municipality of the district of Sissach in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.

Q: What is Human rights in the Maldives?
A: Human rights in the Maldives, an archipelagic nation of 417,000 people off the coast of the Indian Subcontinent, is a contentious issue.

Q: What is Nuthatch?
A: The nuthatches are a part of Sitta, a genus of small passerine birds in the family Sittidae.

Q: What is Terry Fallis?
A: Terry Fallis is a Canadian writer and humourist.

Q: What is Sulfur hexafluoride?
A: Sulfur hexafluoride, also known as sulfur(VI) fluoride, is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Mullsjö Secondary School?
A: The Mullsjö Secondary School () was a secondary school in Mullsjö, Sweden.

Q: What is La Pellerine, Mayenne?
A: La Pellerine is a commune of 291 people (1999).

Q: What is Christchurch mosque shootings?
A: The Christchurch mosque shootings were two terrorist mass shootings at two mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand on 15 March 2019.

Q: What is Ve (Cyrillic)?
A: Ve (В, в) is the third letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.

Q: What is 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress?
A: The 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress was held at the Hallenstadion in Zürich, Switzerland, on 26 February 2016.

Q: What is Patsy Mink?
A: Patsy Matsu Takemoto Mink (; December 6, 1927September 28, 2002) was an American politician.

Q: What is Elgin, Illinois?
A: Elgin () is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Q: What is Parliament of the United Kingdom?
A: , seen over Westminster Bridge The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the highest political-legislative and legislative body in the United Kingdom and British overseas territories.

Q: What is Nutley, New Jersey?
A: Nutley is a township in Essex County, New Jersey What is now Nutley was originally incorporated as Franklin Township by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 18, 1874, from portions of Belleville Township.

Q: What is Laura Innes?
A: Laura Innes (born August 16, 1957) is an American actress and television director.

Q: What is The Carsey-Werner Company?
A: The Carsey-Werner Company (also called Carsey-Werner Productions or Carsey-Werner Television) is an independent television company.

Q: What is Spider-Punk?
A: Spider-Punk, also known as Hobart "Hobie" Brown, is a popular character from Marvel Comics and the Spider-Man universe.

Q: What is Naltar Pass?
A: Naltar Pass is a mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley in Pakistan.

Q: What is Llanganates National Park?
A: Llanganates National Park () is a place in Ecuador.

Q: What is Mammal?
A: Mammals are in the class Mammalia.

Q: What is The Cheetah Girls (group)?
A: The Cheetah Girls started out as a 2003 Summer Line-Up movie for Disney Channel.

Q: What is Bellis perennis?
A: Bellis perennis is a very common European species of daisy, of the Asteraceae family, often considered the model type for the name "daisy".

Q: What is Starstruck?
A: Starstruck (also called StarStruck) is a 2011 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Sterling Knight, Danielle Campbell, Brandon Mychal Smith and Chelsea Staub.

Q: What is Patricia Kenworthy Nuckols?
A: Patricia Kenworthy Nuckols (June 21, 1921 &ndash; January 17, 2022) was an American field hockey player and a pilot in the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASP) during World War II.

Q: What is Interpol (disambiguation)?
A: *Interpol is the name of an International organization.

Q: What is Baadshah (1999 movie)?
A: Baadshah (translation: King) is a 1999 Indian action comedy movie directed by Abbas-Mustan.

Q: What is Golden Bear?
A: The Golden Bear is the highest prize given at the Berlin International Film Festival (often known as Berlinale).

Q: What is A Head Full of Dreams?
A: A Head Full of Dreams is the seventh hit studio album by rock-pop band Coldplay.

Q: What is Back to Bedlam?
A: Back to Bedlam is the first studio album by the English songwriter James Blunt.

Q: What is Bowler hat?
A: The bowler hat is a hard felt hat with a rounded crown.

Q: What is Stock car racing?
A: Stock car racing is a kind of automobile racing run on oval tracks and road courses.

Q: What is Ca-Al-rich inclusions?
A: Ca-Al-rich inclusions (CAIs) are inclusions found in carbonaceous chondrites.

Q: What is Accretion disk?
A: system with one black hole and one main sequence star.

Q: What is Las Meninas?
A: Las Meninas is an oil painting by the Spanish painter Diego Velázquez.

Q: What is José Ángel Espinoza?
A: José Ángel Espinoza Aragón (October 2, 1919 &ndash; November 6, 2015), also known as Ferrusquilla, was a Mexican singer-songwriter and movie actor.

Q: What is British Rail Class D2/7?
A: British Rail Class D2/7 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England.

Q: What is Pippo Caruso?
A: Giuseppe Caruso (December 22, 1935 &ndash; May 28, 2018), best known as Pippo Caruso, was an Italian composer, conductor and music arranger.

Q: What is Pashtunistan?
A: Pashtunistan (, Pax̌tūnistān or Pukhtunistan, meaning the "land of Pashtuns"Various spellings result from different pronunciation in various Pashto dialects.

Q: What is Checheno-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic?
A: The Checheno-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (Checheno-Ingush ASSR) was an autonomous republic within the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.

Q: What is Lei Wulong?
A: Lei Wulong is a character in the Tekken video game series.

Q: What is Bandar Abbas?
A: Bandar Abbas () is a city in Iran.

Q: What is Geoclemys hamiltonii?
A: Black Pond turtle or Spotted Pond turtle Geoclemys hamiltonii is a species of turtle found in South Asia.

Q: What is Hubert Germain?
A: Hubert Germain (6 August 1920 – 12 October 2021) was a French politician.

Q: What is Ultar Sar?
A: Ultar Sar is a mountain in the Karakoram Mountain range The first people to reach the top were Akito Yamazaki and Kiyoshi Matsuoka, in 1996.

Q: What is Kaya Sultan?
A: Ismihan Kaya Sultan (; 1630/1633 – 28 February 1658) was an Ottoman princess.

Q: What is Block processing?
A: Block processing is a method in digital signal processing (DSP) to handle large amounts of data by splitting it into smaller parts, called "blocks." This method helps in real-time processing by reducing the time needed to process each part of the data.

Q: What is María Corina Machado?
A: María Corina Machado Parisca (born 7 October 1967) is a Venezuelan politician and industrial engineer.

Q: What is Being Erica?
A: Being Erica is a Canadian comedy drama television series made for CBC Television.

Q: What is Cycliophora?
A: The Cycliophora are a platyzoan phylum, based on a single genus Symbion.

Q: What is Province of Verona?
A: The Province of Verona () is a province in the Veneto region of Italy.

Q: What is Yukultji Napangati?
A: Yukultji Napangati is an Australian Aboriginal artist.

Q: What is Hunter Biden?
A: Robert Hunter Biden (born February 4, 1970) is an American lawyer and businessman.

Q: What is Lindisfarne Castle?
A: Lindisfarne Castle is a castle on Holy Island, near Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland, England.

Q: What is Znojmo?
A: Znojmo (; ) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic, near the border with Lower Austria.

Q: What is America's Next Top Model (season 14)?
A: America's Next Top Model, Cycle 14 is the fourteenth season of America's Next Top Model.

Q: What is Eustaquio Mira Ramos?
A: Eustaquio Mira Ramos (born January 2, 1962 in Sevilla) is a wheelchair basketball athlete from Spain.

Q: What is Rochester New York FC?
A: Rochester New York FC (RNYFC or RNY) is a soccer club based in Rochester, New York, United States.

Q: What is Queso fresco?
A: Queso fresco (Spanish: fresh/natural cheese), also known as queso blanco (white cheese) is one of many varieties of Mexican cheeses (Oaxaca, Menonita, Panela, etc.).

Q: What is Grandchamp, Yonne?
A: Grandchamp is a former commune.

Q: What is Dreamworks Records?
A: DreamWorks Records was an American record label.

Q: What is Gornji Karin?
A: Gornji Karin is a seaside town in Croatia, which is located on the coast of Karin sea (Bay of the Adriatic Sea).

Q: What is Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles?
A: Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles is a commune of 373 people (1999).

Q: What is Rafael Cortez?
A: Rafael de Faria Cortez (born October 25, 1976 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian journalist, actor and comedian.

Q: What is Elisa (Italian singer)?
A: Elisa Toffoli (born 19 December 1977), also known as Elisa, is an Italian singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Viktor Panin?
A: Viktor Yevgenievich Panin (; 10 November 1930 – 25 September 2020) was a Soviet and Russian physicist and professor.

Q: What is The Political Compass?
A: The Political Compass is a website from Great Britain, that asks people questions to figure out if they’re Left-Authoritarian, Right-Authoritarian, Left-Libertarian or Right-Libertarian.

Q: What is Prevention?
A: Prevention could mean: * Preventative medicine * Prevention (magazine), a magazine about health in the United States * Crime prevention.

Q: What is Chérif Touré Mamam?
A: Cherif-Touré Mamam (born 13 January 1978) is a former Togolese footballer.

Q: What is Albert Paulsen?
A: Albert Paulsen (Albert Paulson; December 13, 1925 &ndash; April 25, 2004) was an Ecuadorian-American actor.

Q: What is Musical.ly?
A: Musical.ly was a mobile app available for phones where users could make short videos with music and slow motion.

Q: What is Fontenay-sur-Vègre?
A: Fontenay-sur-Vègre is a commune in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Ibrahim Shah Suri?
A: Ibrahim Shah Suri was King of Hindustan from January 1555 until his defeat in February 1555.

Q: What is Electoral district of Logan?
A: Logan is an electoral district of Queensland.

Q: What is Pruchnik?
A: Pruchnik is a town in the east of Poland.

Q: What is Westlake, Ohio?
A: Westlake is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

Q: What is Little Canada, Minnesota?
A: Little Canada is a city in Minnesota, United States.

Q: What is Alvin Karpis?
A: Alvin Karpis (born Albin Francis Karpavičius; August 10, 1907 – August 26, 1979) was a Canadian-American criminal.

Q: What is Crooked Island, Bahamas?
A: Crooked Island is an island and district of The Bahamas.

Q: What is Schönwald, Bavaria?
A: Schönwald is a town in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Tom Simpson?
A: Thomas Simpson (30 November 1937 – 13 July 1967) was an English road racing cyclist who died of exhaustion on the slopes of Mont Ventoux riding the 13th stage of the Tour de France in 1967.

Q: What is Sharp?
A: Sharp means that something can cut easily.

Q: What is Parrot?
A: Parrots are birds of the order Psittaciformes.

Q: What is Liaoningotitan?
A: Liaoningotitan is a genus of sauropod from the Middle Cretaceous of Liaoning, China.

Q: What is Inzlingen?
A: Inzlingen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Q: What is Dish?
A: Dish can mean a plate or pan for food.

Q: What is Watan Hamara Azad Kashmir?
A: Watan hamara Kashmir is the official state anthem of Azad Kashmir.

Q: What is Mike Zambidis?
A: "Iron" Mike Zambidis (born July 15, 1980) is a Greek kickboxer.

Q: What is Count Dooku?
A: Count Dooku of Serenno (also known as Darth Tyranus) is a character from the Star Wars universe.

Q: What is Torn?
A: "Torn" is a song written by Scott Cutler, Anne Preven, and Phil Thornalley for their band Ednaswap.

Q: What is Canada lynx?
A: The Canada lynx is a species of lynx which lives on the taiga.

Q: What is Dave Stallworth?
A: David Anderson Stallworth (December 20, 1941 &ndash; March 15, 2017) was an American professional basketball player.

Q: What is Oh Yeah! Cartoons?
A: The Oh Yeah! Cartoons were a group of animated short movies that Fred Seibert created for Nickelodeon.

Q: What is Gary Gensler?
A: Gary Gensler (born October 18, 1957) is an American businessman and politician.

Q: What is Duck family (Disney)?
A: The Duck family is a fictional family of cartoon ducks.

Q: What is Udanoceratops?
A: Udanoceratops had a very large skull (1.5 times the size of the next largest protoceratopid Montanoceratops) with no nasal horn.

Q: What is Sri Lankan junglefowl?
A: The Sri Lankan junglefowl (Gallus lafayettii), also known as the Ceylon junglefowl, is a member of the Galliformes bird order which is endemic to Sri Lanka, where it is the National bird.

Q: What is Rügland?
A: Rügland is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Q: What is Paraguarí Department?
A: The Paraguarí department () is a department of Paraguay.

Q: What is Chiapas?
A: Chiapas is the southernmost state of Mexico.

Q: What is Ireland at the Olympics?
A: Ireland has been at the Summer Olympic Games since 1924, and at the Winter Olympic Games since 1992.

Q: What is Jurassic World Rebirth?
A: Jurassic World Rebirth is an American science fiction action movie.

Q: What is Frieze (disambiguation)?
A: Frieze has two major, totally unrelated meanings: *In architecture, the frieze is the wide central section part of an entablature: see Frieze, Parthenon Frieze.

Q: What is Gun control?
A: Gun control is the attempt, usually by a government, to restrain or stop people from owning or using guns.

Q: What is Abia de las Torres?
A: Abia de las Torres is a municipality in Palencia province in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Q: What is Bourguignon-lès-la-Charité?
A: Bourguignon-lès-la-Charité is a commune.

Q: What is Edward & Gordon?
A: "Edward & Gordon" (North American English: Edward Helps Out) is the second episode and first series of Thomas & Friends.

Q: What is Liar Wanted?
A: Liar Wanted () is a 1961 Greek comedy movie directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Dinos Iliopoulos, Pantelis Zervos, Anna Kyriakou, Martha Karagianni, Thanasis Veggos, Periklis Christoforidis.

Q: What is Brigitte Haas?
A: Brigitte Haas (born 1964) is a Liechtenstein lawyer and politician who has been the Prime Minister of Liechtenstein since 2025.

Q: What is Leila Otadi?
A: Leila Otadi () is an Iranian actress born on August 5, 1983Tehran, Iran.

Q: What is Oakland firestorm of 1991?
A: The Oakland firestorm of 1991 was a major fire in October 1991 in west-central California.

Q: What is Bad Girls Club season 16?
A: Bad Girls Club: Social Disruption is the sixteenth season of the Oxygen reality television series Bad Girls Club.

Q: What is Wim Schermerhorn?
A: Willem "Wim" Schermerhorn (December 17, 1894 in Akersloot - March 10, 1977 in Haarlem) was a Dutch politician.

Q: What is Carl Bloch?
A: Carl Heinrich Bloch (23 May 1834 – 22 February 1890) was a Danish painter.

Q: What is Klaus Schulze?
A: Klaus Schulze (4 August 1947 – 26 April 2022) was a German electronic music musician and composer.

Q: What is Unexpectedly Yours?
A: Unexpectedly Yours is a 2017 Filipino romantic comedy movie directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina and starring Sharon Cuneta, Robin Padilla, Julia Barretto, Joshua Garcia, Yayo Aguila.

Q: What is Rose (color)?
A: flower Rose is the color halfway between red and magenta on the color wheel.

Q: What is Younger Dryas?
A: The Younger Dryas (around 12,900 to 11,700 years ago) was a cold period.

Q: What is Expulsion of Jews from Spain?
A: The decision of King Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella of Castile to banish the Jews from Spain in 1492 with the Alhambra Decree, or the Edict of Expulsion.

Q: What is Romford (UK Parliament constituency)?
A: Romford is a United Kingdom parliamentary constituency.

Q: What is Elder High School?
A: Elder High School is a Catholic all-boys private high school in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA.

Q: What is Jintara Poonlarp?
A: Jintara Poonlarp (, born 6 March 2019) is a famous singer from Thailand.

Q: What is Anabel Gutiérrez?
A: Anabel Gutiérrez Aicua (17 September 1931 – 21 August 2022) was a Mexican actress and comedian.

Q: What is Dany Carrel?
A: Yvonne Suzanne Chazelles de Chaxel, better known as Dany Carrel, (born 20 September 1932) is a French actress.

Q: What is The Jazz Singer (1927 movie)?
A: The Jazz Singer is a 1927 movie was released to movie theaters by Warner Bros.

Q: What is Olivooides?
A: Olivooides is an oogenus/genus of Cambrian-aged embryo fossil found in China.

Q: What is Außernzell?
A: Außernzell is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Q: What is Invasive species?
A: , a Japanese vine, is invasive in the southeast United States.

Q: What is V346 Puppis?
A: V346 Puppis (shortened as V346 Pup) is a red supergiant star located 4332.09 light years away in the constellation Puppis.

Q: What is The Story of Nampoo?
A: The Story of Nampoo () is a 1984 Thai drama movie directed by Euthana Mukdasanit and based on the novel of the same name (known in Thai as ) by Suwanni Sukhontha.

Q: What is Legler's stream frog?
A: Legler's stream frog (Ptychohyla legleri) is a frog.

Q: What is Aunat?
A: Aunat is a commune of 67 people (2017).

Q: What is Sheridan County, North Dakota?
A: Sheridan County is a county located in the U.S.

Q: What is Beausejour, Manitoba?
A: Beausejour is a town in Manitoba, Canada.

Q: What is Triathlon?
A: A triathlon is a sport that consists of three different events one after another without resting in between.

Q: What is Lady (Hear Me Tonight)?
A: Lady (Hear Me Tonight) is a French house song by French duo Modjo, released on June 19, 2000.

Q: What is Innocence (Avril Lavigne song)?
A: Innocence is a song by written by Avril Lavigne with Evan Taubenfeld, featured on her third studio album The Best Damn Thing.

Q: What is Hines, Oregon?
A: Hines is a city in Harney County, Oregon, United States.

Q: What is Ediacaran?
A: The Ediacaran period (about 635–541 million years BC), is named after the Ediacara Hills of South Australia.

Q: What is Frederick North, Lord North?
A: Frederick North, 2nd Earl of Guilford, KG, PC (13 April 1732–5 August 1792), more often known as, Lord North, was Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1770 to 1782.

Q: What is Andis Harasani?
A: Andis Harasani (August 9, 1971 – March 9, 2025) was an Albanian politician and engineer.

Q: What is Peon?
A: Peon is the name for an unskilled worker, who gets a wage, for the time he works.

Q: What is Edmonton Oil Kings?
A: The Edmonton Oil Kings are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 2007.

Q: What is British Columbia Highway 16?
A: Highway 16 is a highway in British Columbia, Canada.

Q: What is Swarm intelligence?
A: s form and keep together and applying similar rules to robots is one of the fields of swarm intelligence Swarm Intelligence is a field of Computer science.

Q: What is Mesopotamian barbel?
A: The Mesopotamian barbel or leopard barbel (Luciobarbus subquincunciatus) is a cyprinid in the genus Luciobarbus found in the Tigris–Euphrates river system.

Q: What is Spain at the Olympics?
A: Spain first took part in the Olympic Games in 1900.

Q: What is 1736?
A: 1736 (MDCCXXXVI) was a leap year starting on Sunday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Thursday in the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Alvin Ceccoli?
A: Alvin Ceccoli (born 5 August 1974) is an Australian former football player.

Q: What is Biała Prudnicka?
A: Biała Prudnicka is a town in Poland in Opole Voivodeship in Prudnik County.

Q: What is Area code 262?
A: Area code 262 is a telephone area code in the state of Wisconsin in the United States.

Q: What is Kotli Sattian Tehsil?
A: Kotli Sattian is a tehsil (subdivision) of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Q: What is Matera?
A: Matera is a city in the area of Basilicata, in the southern part of Italy.

Q: What is Dennis Skinner?
A: Dennis Edward Skinner (born 11 February 1932) is a British Labour politician.

Q: What is Annals of Mathematics?
A: The Annals of Mathematics is a mathematical journal published by Princeton University and the Institute for Advanced Study.

Q: What is Quetta Gladiators?
A: Quetta Gladiators () is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL).

Q: What is Enoch Kelly Haney?
A: Enoch Kelly Haney (November 12, 1940 – April 23, 2022) was an American 2002 election.

Q: What is West University Place, Texas?
A: West University Place, often called West University or West U for short, is a city located in the U.S.

Q: What is Edmund Barton?
A: Sir Edmund Barton (18 January 1849 – 7 January 1920) was the first Prime Minister of Australia.

Q: What is Platypterygius?
A: Platypterygius ('flat flipper)' is an ichthyosaur of the family Ophthalmosauridae.

Q: What is Bernardo Rossellino?
A: of the Cardinal from Portugal in the church of San Miniato al Monte, Florence.

Q: What is Oregon, Illinois?
A: Oregon is a city in Ogle County, Illinois, United States.

Q: What is A Quiet Place?
A: Day One: A Quiet Place: Day One is an American apocalyptic horror movie written and directed by Michael Sarnoski, based on a story co-developed with John Krasinski.

Q: What is Internet Relay Chat takeover?
A: A takeover in Internet Relay Chat is when someone who is not meant to be in control of a channel takes control.

Q: What is Saint-Pierre-du-Bû?
A: Saint-Pierre-du-Bû is a commune.

Q: What is Rose Mofford?
A: Rose Perica Mofford (June 10, 1922 &ndash; September 15, 2016) was an Democratic Party.

Q: What is Le Cloître-Saint-Thégonnec?
A: Le Cloître-Saint-Thégonnec () is a commune.

Q: What is Old quantum theory?
A: Quantum theory is the basis of modern physics.

Q: What is Robert Minlos?
A: Robert Adol'fovich Minlos (; 28 February 1931 – 9 January 2018) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician.

Q: What is Denis Mack Smith?
A: Denis Mack Smith CBE FBA FRSL (3 March 1920 &ndash; 11 July 2017) was a British historian.

Q: What is Soing-Cubry-Charentenay?
A: Soing-Cubry-Charentenay is a commune.

Q: What is I Hate My Teenage Daughter?
A: I Hate My Teenage Daughter is an American sitcom first aired on November 30, 2011 on Fox.

Q: What is Rama Duwaji?
A: Rama Sawaf Duwaji (; born June 30, 1997) is an American animator, illustrator, and ceramist.

Q: What is Movate?
A: Movate, formerly known as CSS Corp, was founded in 1996.

Q: What is Juigné-sur-Sarthe?
A: Juigné-sur-Sarthe is a commune.

Q: What is Santiago Province (Dominican Republic)?
A: Santiago is a Dominican province in the north central part of the country.

Q: What is Łuków?
A: Łuków () is a city in eastern Poland, in the north part of Lublin Voivodeship.

Q: What is Aortic valve?
A: The aortic valve is a valve in the heart of humans and most other animals.

Q: What is Victoria Falls Bridge?
A: The Victoria Falls Bridge crosses the Zambezi River just below the Victoria Falls and is built over the Second Gorge of the falls.

Q: What is Marwa Barhoumi?
A: Marwa Barhoumi (born 28 April 1988) is a Tunisian national volleyball player.

Q: What is Solaris?
A: Solaris is an operating system created by Sun Microsystems in 1992.

Q: What is Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn?
A: Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn (c.

Q: What is 3OH!3?
A: 3OH!3 (pronounced "three oh three") is an American electronic music duo from Boulder, Colorado, made up of Sean Foreman and Nathaniel Motte.

Q: What is Soraya Thronicke?
A: Soraya Vieira Thronicke (born 1 June 1973) is a Brazilian politician and lawyer.

Q: What is Western hemisphere?
A: The western hemisphere is a geographical term for the half of the Earth that is west of the Prime Meridian.

Q: What is Norberto Mario Oyarbide?
A: Norberto Oyarbide (1 January 1951 – 1 September 2021) was an Argentine politician and lawyer.

Q: What is Welch's?
A: Welch's is an American food company.

Q: What is Murphy's law?
A: Murphy's law is an idea, an adage or epigram, that says: "Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.".

Q: What is The Muppets (movie)?
A: The Muppets is a 2011 American musical comedy movie.

Q: What is Government College of Ajmer?
A: Samrat Prithviraj Chauhan Government College, Ajmer is a college in Ajmer city of Rajasthan state in India.

Q: What is Chuvashia?
A: The Chuvash Republic (, Chuvashskaya Respublika – Chuvashiya; , transl.

Q: What is A Woman's Way (1908 movie)?
A: A Woman's Way is a 1908 American silent drama movie directed by D.

Q: What is Staldenried?
A: Staldenried (Walliser German: Schtaaluried) is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Q: What is Arabi, Louisiana?
A: Arabi is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St.

Q: What is Morton Deutsch?
A: Morton Deutsch (February 4, 1920 – March 13, 2017), was an American social psychologist and researcher in conflict resolution.

Q: What is Discovery Geschichte?
A: Discovery Geschichte ("Discovery History") was a German television channel.

Q: What is Caprona?
A: Caprona is a fictional prehistoric island in the literary universe of Edgar Rice Burroughs's Caspak Trilogy, including The Land that Time Forgot, The People that Time Forgot, and Out of Time's Abyss.

Q: What is Eurovision Song Contest 2014?
A: The Eurovision Song Contest was held in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Q: What is Gay Nigger Association of America?
A: The Gay Nigger Association of America (often referred to as the GNAA) was an anti-blogging and Internet trolling group (a group that likes causing trouble on the Internet).

Q: What is Pathological liar?
A: A pathological liar is someone who lies as a habit.

Q: What is Hylomantis aspera?
A: The rough leaf frog (Hylomantis aspera) is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, Guyana, Brazil, Venezuela, French Guiana, and Ecuador, and it is most common in Suriname.

Q: What is Dwarf rocket frog?
A: The dwarf rocket frog (Litoria dorsalis) is a frog from Papua New Guinea.

Q: What is Massachusetts Senate?
A: The Massachusetts Senate is the upper house of the Massachusetts General Court, the bicameral state legislature of the U.S.

Q: What is Yoshihiko Noda?
A: Yoshihiko Noda was Prime Minister of Japan from 2011 to 2012.

Q: What is Christian Gmelin?
A: Christian Gottlob Gmelin (12 October 1792 – 13 May 1860) was a German chemist.

Q: What is Tilly van der Zwaard?
A: Tilly van der Zwaard (18 January 1938 – 6 February 2019) was a Dutch middle distance runner.

Q: What is Natalie Harrowell?
A: Natalie Harrowell (9 February 1990 – 10 December 2019) was an English rugby league player who played in the first-ever Women's Super League Grand Final in 2017.

Q: What is Western Canada?
A: , Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Manitoba Western Canada is a region of Canada.

Q: What is Senlis, Pas-de-Calais?
A: Senlis, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Q: What is Carbon fiber?
A: Carbon fiber (British English: carbon fibre) is a type of fiber that is made of carbon atoms.

Q: What is Slättbergshallen?
A: Slättbergshallen is a sports venue in the town of Trollhättan in Sweden.

Q: What is Rawal Rajputs?
A: Rawal Rajputs are a Indian Rajput group.

Q: What is Pakistani Taliban?
A: The Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (commonly called TTP) are a militant Islamist group in Pakistan.

Q: What is Semmyō calendar?
A: , also known as Semmei-reki or Xuanming li, was a Japanese lunisolar calendar (genka reki).Louis-Frédéric.

Q: What is Central American Integration System?
A: The Central American Integration System (, or SICA) has been the economic and political organization of Central American states since February 1, 1993.

Q: What is Syntax?
A: In linguistics, syntax is the study of the rules that govern the structure of sentences.

Q: What is Bev Perdue?
A: Beverly Eaves "Bev" Perdue (aka Beverly Marlene Moore; born January 14, 1947) is an American politician.

Q: What is The little girl playing with a butterfly (Rotta)?
A: The little girl found in Venice (also known as La Bambina in culla che gioca con una farfalla) is a 19th-century oil painting by Antonio Rotta, in 1860, in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Museo Bottacin in Padova, Italy.

Q: What is Peripheral artery disease?
A: Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is a disease of the blood vessels in the legs.

Q: What is Skillsville?
A: Skillsville is an animated educational children's television series created by Carol-Lynn Parente, Christine Ferraro, and Eric Peterson for PBS Kids since March 3, 2025, with funding from the United States Department of Education and produced by Twin Cities PBS and Sphere Media.

Q: What is Richard Priestman?
A: Richard John Priestman is an archer from Great Britain.

Q: What is Wind chimes?
A: Wind chimes are chimes that are made up of tubes, rods, bells or other objects that are made of wood or metal.

Q: What is Palm nut soup?
A: Palm nut soup or banga is a soup made from palm fruit common in Cameroon, Ghana, Nigeria, Democratic Republic of Congo and Ivory Coast.

Q: What is Westfield Stratford City?
A: Westfield Stratford City is a shopping centre in Stratford, East London.

Q: What is Summerville, Oregon?
A: Summerville is a city in Union County, Oregon, United States.

Q: What is Carolina Herrera?
A: Carolina Herrera is a Venezuelan American fashion designer.

Q: What is Faustina the Younger?
A: Faustina was the wife of Marcus Aurelius.

Q: What is 1702?
A: 1702 (MDCCII) was a common year starting on Sunday in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Thursday in the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Mireia Lalaguna?
A: Mireia Lalaguna Royo (born 28 November 1992) is a Spanish model and actress.

Q: What is Ben 10?
A: Ben 10 is an American animated television series created by Man of Action Studios.

Q: What is Pavel Chekov?
A: Pavel Andreievich Chekov is a fictional character in the television and movie franchise Star Trek.

Q: What is M-Hero 917?
A: The M-Hero 917 is a full-size Luxury SUV made by M-Hero a brand of Dongfeng Motor Corporation since 2023.

Q: What is Newfoundland dog?
A: The Newfoundland is a large breed of dog that originated in Newfoundland.

Q: What is Nicolae Nițu?
A: Nicolae Nițu is a weightlifter from Romania.

Q: What is Assassins (1995 movie)?
A: Assassins is a 1995 American French action movie directed by Richard Donner and starring Sylvester Stallone, Antonio Banderas, Julianne Moore, Muse Waston, Steve Kahan, Kai Wulff, Toby Huss.

Q: What is Squash (plant)?
A: Squashes are a kind of vegetable.

Q: What is Jeff Hardy?
A: Jeffrey Nero Hardy (born August 31, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, painter and musician.

Q: What is Ancash Region?
A: Ancash (; ; ) is a Peruvian region north of Lima.

Q: What is Fuji Speedway?
A: is a race track standing in the foothills of Mount Fuji, in Oyama, Suntō District, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan.

Q: What is Stadelhofen?
A: Stadelhofen is a municipality in the Upper Franconian (German: Oberfranken) district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community (Verwaltungsgemeinschaft) of Steinfeld.

Q: What is Voices from Chernobyl (movie)?
A: Voices from Chernobyl () is a 2016 Luxembourgian Austrian Belarusian Ukrainian documentary movie directed by Pol Cruchten and was based on the 1997 oral history novel by Svetlana Alexievitch.

Q: What is Jan Oort?
A: Jan Hendrik Oort FRS (28 April 1900 – 5 November 1992) was a Dutch astronomer.

Q: What is Fulbright Program?
A: The Fulbright Program, including the Fulbright–Hays Program, is one of several United States Cultural Exchange Programs.

Q: What is Sportsbook?
A: , during Super Bowl XLII, February 2008 In the United States of America a sportsbook is a place where a player can bet money on many different sports, for example basketball, golf, football, hockey, baseball, soccer, horse racing, boxing and many more.

Q: What is Bruno Brun?
A: Bruno Brun (born ) was a Yugoslavian clarinet player and professor at the Music Academy in Belgrade.

Q: What is Principality of the Pindus?
A: The name Principality of the Pindus or Principality of Pindos has been used, mainly to describe an attempt to form an autonomous district in the Pindus mountains in northern Greece in July, and August 1917.

Q: What is Clandestine in Chile?
A: Clandestine in Chile is a novel written by Nobel Prize-winning author Gabriel García Márquez.

Q: What is Jonathan Bush?
A: Jonathan James Bush (May 6, 1931 &ndash; May 5, 2021) was an American banker.

Q: What is 2020 United States presidential election in Oregon?
A: The 2020 United States presidential election in Oregon was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election.

Q: What is Padmé Amidala?
A: Padmé Amidala is a fictional character in the fictional Star Wars universe.

Q: What is Severe thunderstorm watch?
A: A severe thunderstorm watch is an alert issued by meterologists when a severe thunderstorm might develop.

Q: What is Richard Leakey?
A: Richard Leakey (19 December 1944 &ndash; 2 January 2022) was a Kenyan politician, paleoanthropologist and conservationist.

Q: What is Bitplane?
A: Bitplane is software developed of Andor Technology company for 3D and 4D image analysis.

Q: What is Conversation?
A: and Maxim Gorky in conversation (1931).

Q: What is Ruhrstadion?
A: Ruhrstadion is a football stadium in Bochum, Germany and is the home stadium of VfL Bochum.

Q: What is Nalo Hopkinson?
A: Nalo Hopkinson (born 20 December 1960) is a Jamaican-born Canadian speculative fiction writer and editor.

Q: What is Dominic Howard?
A: Dominic James Howard (born 7 December 1977) is an English musician.

Q: What is Ovenbird?
A: The Ovenbird (Seiurus aurocapilla) is a small songbird of the order Passeriformes.

Q: What is William J. Livsey?
A: William James "Lipp" Livsey (June 8, 1931 &ndash; June 18, 2016) was a United States Army United Nations Command/Commander in Chief, ROK/U.S.

Q: What is Jyotsna Bhatt?
A: Jyotsna Jyoti Bhatt (6 March 1940 – 11 July 2020) was an Indian ceramist and potter.

Q: What is São Domingos, Cape Verde (municipality)?
A: São Domingos is a municipality of Cape Verde.

Q: What is Mons?
A: Mons is a town in Belgium and the capital of the Province of Hainaut.

Q: What is Estonian alphabet?
A: The Estonian alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet with Latin influence.

Q: What is Lincoln County, Kansas?
A: Lincoln County (standard abbreviation: LC) is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Main?
A: The Main (pronounced in German like the English word mine) is a river in Germany, 524&nbsp;km in length, and one of the bigger tributaries of the Rhine river.

Q: What is Wholesale market in Tel Aviv?
A: The Wholesale market in Tel Aviv was a wholesale market that opened in 1952.

Q: What is Siege of Vijayangara?
A: The Bahmani–Vijayanagar war of 1423 was fought between the Bahmani Sultanate, led by Ahmad Shah I and his commadar Rana Ugrasen Bhonsale, and the Vijayanagar Empire, ruled by Vira Vijaya Bukka Raya III.

Q: What is Navel lint?
A: Navel lint, also called belly button lint, belly button fluff or navel fluff, is a collection of fluffy fibres in one's navel.

Q: What is Cold, Cold Heart?
A: "Cold, Cold Heart" is a 1951 song and written by Hank Williams and was covered by Tony Bennett as a pop version in the same year.

Q: What is Peter Mutkovič?
A: Peter Mutkovič (19 October 1945 – 28 December 2023) was a Slovak footballer.

Q: What is David Zucker?
A: David Samuel Zucker (born October 16, 1947) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter.

Q: What is Bender (Futurama)?
A: Bender Bending Rodriguez is a fictional animated robot made for the animated sci-fi sitcom Futurama.

Q: What is Millet?
A: Millet is a type of grain that is eaten.

Q: What is Bernadette Lafont?
A: Bernadette Lafont (28 October 1938 &ndash; 25 July 2013) was a French actress.

Q: What is Louvie-Juzon?
A: Louvie-Juzon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Untamed (1929 movie)?
A: Untamed is a 1929 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Jack Conway and starring Joan Crawford, Robert Montgomery, Ernest Torrence, Gwen Lee, Holmes Herbert, John Miljan, Edward Nugent, Lloyd Ingraham.

Q: What is Pernell Whitaker?
A: Pernell Whitaker (January 2, 1964 – July 14, 2019) was an American professional boxer.

Q: What is Edward Everett?
A: Edward Everett (April 11, 1794– January 15, 1865) was an American politician, religious leader and educator from Massachusetts.

Q: What is Platymantis pygmaeus?
A: The pygmy forest frog (Platymantis pygmaeus) is a frog.

Q: What is Pakenham railway line?
A: The Pakenham Railway Line is a Railway in Melbourne, Victoria.

Q: What is Ann Katharine Mitchell?
A: Ann Katharine Mitchell (' Williamson; 19 November 1922 – 11 May 2020) was a British cryptanalyst and psychologist.

Q: What is Adams–Onís Treaty?
A: The Adams-Onís Treaty (also called the Florida treaty) was a treaty between Spain and the United States of America in 1819.

Q: What is Manila in the Claws of Light?
A: Manila in the Claws of Light () is a 1975 Filipino drama movie directed by Lino Brocka and was based on the novel In the Claws of Brightness by Edgardo M.

Q: What is Superbook?
A: Superbook is a Christian-accented Japanese children's fantasy science fiction anime television series, by the Christian Broadcasting Network and TV Tokyo, based on two time-traveling kids, Chris and Joy, and their robot friend, Gizmo.

Q: What is Emmaboda IS?
A: Emmaboda IS is a sports club in Emmaboda in Sweden.

Q: What is Wim Rijsbergen?
A: Wilhelmus "Wim" Gerardus Rijsbergen (; born 18 January 1952) is a Dutch football manager and former player who played as a defender.

Q: What is Varberg?
A: Varberg is an urban area in the county of Halland in Sweden.

Q: What is Kondiba Koli?
A: The Kondiba Babaji Koli (1920 - 1942) was a Koli freedom fighter from Indian state of Maharashtra, who martyred during the Quit India Movement.

Q: What is Speckled tree frog?
A: :For another species commonly known as the speckled treefrog, see Sarcohyla psarosema The speckled tree frog (Boana semiguttata) is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Q: What is An agreement?
A: An agreement () is an international instrument that creates human, political, military, economic, financial, or cultural obligations, agreed upon by two countries following negotiations that take place between them, and signed by both parties.

Q: What is Bunny Breckinridge?
A: John Cabell "Bunny" Breckinridge (August 6, 1903 – November 5, 1996) was an American movie and television actor and drag queen.

Q: What is Start?
A: The start is a beginning of an activity or the beginning of a race.

Q: What is Ted Kord?
A: Theodore Stephen Ted Kord is a fictional character from Charlton Comics and later acquired by DC Comics.

Q: What is Irving Fein?
A: Irving Fein (June 21, 1911 – August 10, 2012) was an Emmy Award winning American television and movie producer, and the longtime manager of Comedian Fein was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Q: What is John Georgiadis?
A: John Georgiadis (1939 – 5 January 2021) was a British violinist and conductor.

Q: What is Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit?
A: , where he is buried Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit (1686-1736) was a German physicist who worked in the Netherlands.

Q: What is Askold and Dir?
A: Askold and Dir were supposed to have been rulers of Kiev, in the 9th century.

Q: What is Deva (Hinduism)?
A: Deva or Dev are terms used by the Hindu people for The Almighty or The GOD.

Q: What is Maurice LaMarche?
A: Maurice LaMarche (born March 30, 1958) is a Canadian voice actor and stand-up comedian.

Q: What is Camilo Lorenzo Iglesias?
A: Camilio Lorenzo Iglesias (7 August 1940 – 13 July 2020) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop.

Q: What is Mandukya Upanishad?
A: The Mandukya Upanishad is an old Sanskrit text found in the Atharvaveda It is one of the most translated Upanishads.

Q: What is Franklin, Louisiana?
A: Franklin is a small city in and the parish seat of St.

Q: What is Recorded Live?
A: The 12 Year Old Genius: Recorded Live: The 12 Year Old Genius is the first live album by Stevie Wonder (then known as "Little Stevie Wonder") .

Q: What is Nobuyuki Uenoyama?
A: Nobuyuki Uenoyama (born 26 May 1957) is a former Japanese football player.

Q: What is Shady Shores, Texas?
A: Shady Shores is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Q: What is Two Less Lonely People in the World?
A: "Two Less Lonely People in the World" is a 1982 song by English-Australian band Air Supply.

Q: What is Kaufering, Bavaria?
A: Kaufering is a municipality in Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Q: What is Magento?
A: Magento is an open-source e-commerce platform.

Q: What is Iola, Kansas?
A: Iola (pronounced ) is a city along the Neosho River in the northwestern part of Allen County, in southeast Kansas, in the central United States.

Q: What is Grand Forks, North Dakota?
A: Grand Forks is a city in the U.S.

Q: What is Hello-Goodbye?
A: Hello-Goodbye is a 1970 British comedy movie.

Q: What is Villers-Chemin-et-Mont-lès-Étrelles?
A: Villers-Chemin-et-Mont-lès-Étrelles is a commune.

Q: What is Digital signal processing?
A: converts analog signal to digital, then DAC returns it back to analog format after processing Digital signal processing (DSP) is concerned with the processing of digital signals or analog signals after converting from analog to digital format.

Q: What is David Mellor?
A: David John Mellor (born March 12, 1949 in Wareham, Dorset, England) is a British politician who was an MP from 1979 to 1997, as a member of the Conservative Party.

Q: What is Bailey bridge?
A: crosses a Bailey bridge over the Dortmund-Ems Canal.

Q: What is Trackless train?
A: A trackless train is a bus made to look like a train.

Q: What is Géneviève Bogers?
A: Géneviève Bogers (born 2 June 1997) is a Dutch martial arts fighter from Oosterbeek.

Q: What is Cassim Chilumpha?
A: Cassim Chilumpha (born 29 November 1959) is a Malawian politician.

Q: What is BET Soul?
A: Infobox television channel |1998|8|1} |2015|8|31} |SDTV) |English |New York VH1 Soul is an Former American pay television channel.

Q: What is Santa Maria?
A: of the Santa Maria in Columbus, Ohio, USA.

Q: What is Shenyang?
A: Shenyang or Mukden is the capital and largest city of Liaoning Province in northeast China.

Q: What is Heinrich Fink?
A: Heinrich Fink (31 March 1935 &ndash; 1 July 2020) was a German theologian and politician.

Q: What is Brian Street?
A: Brian Vincent Street (24 October 1943 – 21 June 2017) was an British professor of language education at King's College London and visiting professor at the Graduate School of Education in University of Pennsylvania.

Q: What is Megyn Kelly?
A: Megyn Marie Kelly (born November 18, 1970; previously called Megyn Kendall) is an American reporter on Fox News and NBC.

Q: What is Lafayette Parish, Louisiana?
A: Lafayette Parish () is a parish located in the U.S.

Q: What is Kichijōji?
A: is a neighborhood in the city of Musashino in Tokyo, Japan.

Q: What is Ranjit Bhatia?
A: Ranjit Bhatia Order of the British Empire Bhatia studied at the Lawrence School, Sanawar.

Q: What is Fatin Shidqia?
A: Fatin Shidqia Lubis (born in Jakarta, 30 July 1996) is an Indonesian singer.

Q: What is Garba Lawal?
A: Garba Lawal (born 22 May 1974) is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a left midfielder.

Q: What is Dogtooth (movie)?
A: Dogtooth (; Kynodontas) is a 2009 Greek psychological drama movie directed by Yorgos Lanthimos and starring Christos Stergioglou, Michelle Valley, Angeliki Papoulia, Christos Passalis, Mary Tsoni, Alexander Voulgaris.

Q: What is Austronesian peoples?
A: Austronesian peoples is a term referring to people that live in Southeast Asia, Oceania and Madagascar, who are speakers of the Austronesian languages.

Q: What is Wadi?
A: , Israel A Wadi is usually a valley, sometimes the bed of a river.

Q: What is Herman Asaribab?
A: Herman Asaribab (10 June 1964 – 14 December 2020) was an Indonesian Papuan military officer.

Q: What is San Isidro de El General?
A: San Isidro de El General is a city in Costa Rica.

Q: What is Markook (bread)?
A: Markook bread (), also known as khubz ruqaq (), shrak (), khubz rqeeq (), mashrooh (), and saj bread (), is a Middle Eastern type of unleavened flatbread.

Q: What is Fulvous?
A: Fulvous is a color that is 89.4% red, 51.8% green, and 0% blue.

Q: What is New Sharon, Maine?
A: New Sharon is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

Q: What is Roberto Mangabeira Unger?
A: Roberto Mangabeira Unger (born March 24, 1947) is a Brazilian philosopher and politician.

Q: What is Ales?
A: Ales (Àbas) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is Lil Tjay?
A: Tione Jayden Merritt (born April 30, 2001), known professionally as Lil Tjay, is an American rapper and singer from New York City.

Q: What is Abudefduf nigrimargo?
A: Abudefduf nigrimargo, known as the black margined-scale sergeant, is a species of damselfish in the family Pomacentridae.

Q: What is Cassandra Cain?
A: Cassandra Cain (also known as Cassandra Wayne and Cassandra Wu-San) is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman.

Q: What is Woodland Park, Colorado?
A: The City of Woodland Park is the home rule municipality and largest city in Teller County, Colorado, United States.

Q: What is Tom Starke?
A: Tom Peter Starke (born 18 March 1981) is a German former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

Q: What is Rambhadracharya?
A: Jagadguru Ramanandacharya Swami Rambhadracharya is a Hindu religious leader.

Q: What is City with special status?
A: City with special status (Ukrainian: місто зі спеціальним статусом, romanized: misto zi spetsial'nym statusom), formerly known as "city of republican subordinance", is a type of first-level administrative division of Ukraine.

Q: What is Pierluigi Pizzaballa?
A: Pierluigi Pizzaballa (born 14 September 1939) is a former Italian football player.

Q: What is Copa Libertadores?
A: CONMEBOL Libertadores or Copa Libertadores (Libertadores Cup) is a football competition between the best club teams in South America.

Q: What is Jordi Morales García?
A: Jordi Morales García (born November 17, 1985 in Esparreguera, Barcelona) is a table tennis athlete from Spain.

Q: What is Robbie Keane?
A: Robbie Keane (born 8 July 1980) is a retired Irish football player.

Q: What is Proto-Sinaitic script?
A: Proto-Sinaitic is a Middle Bronze Age script.

Q: What is Orthodontist?
A: An orthodontist is a dentist (a doctor that works on teeth) that specializes in straightening teeth with things like braces.

Q: What is Leopold Lainer?
A: Leopold "Leo" Lainer (born September 10, 1960) is a former Austria international footballer.

Q: What is Luis Ocaña?
A: Jesús Luis Ocaña Pernía (9 June 1945 – 19 May 1994) was a Spanish road bicycle racer.

Q: What is RS (rapper)?
A: RS was the musical name of Jay-Ronne Grootfaam.

Q: What is Constitution of India?
A: The Constitution of India is the supreme law in India.

Q: What is Pearl River, New York?
A: Pearl River is a hamlet and census-designated place in the town of Orangetown, Rockland County, New York (state).

Q: What is Eiji Aonuma?
A: is a Japanese video game developer for Nintendo.

Q: What is Tension pneumothorax?
A: A tension pneumothorax is when air builds up inside the chest.

Q: What is Hal Linden?
A: Hal Linden (born Harold Lipshitz; March 20, 1931) is an American stage and screen actor, television director and musician.

Q: What is Rauvolfia serpentina?
A: Sarpagandha is also known as 'Indian snakeroot', 'Chandrabhaga' or 'Chhota Chandis'.

Q: What is Hot tub?
A: A hot tub is a tub full of hot water.

Q: What is Kim Chi-ha?
A: Kim Jiha (; 4 February 1941 – 8 May 2022) was a South Korean pro-democracy activist, poet and playwright.

Q: What is Flemish language?
A: Flemish is a cluster of Dutch dialects spoken by people in the Flanders region of Belgium.

Q: What is Mount Thor?
A: Mount Thor is a mountain on Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.

Q: What is Julián Pastor?
A: Julián Pastor Llaneza (18 October 1943 &ndash; 24 August 2015) was a Mexican movie director, actor, screenwriter, editor, and photographer.

Q: What is Romania at the Olympics?
A: Romania at the Olympics is a history which began in 1900.

Q: What is Ellen Babington?
A: Ellen Mabel Liederskron Babington was an archer from Great Britain.

Q: What is Province of Segovia?
A: Segovia () is a province of central/northern Spain, in the southern part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.

Q: What is Flag of Santiago Matatlán?
A: The flag of Santiago Matatlán () consists of a brown pointed field with the map of Oaxaca state that symbolizes its integration into the state of Oaxaca.

Q: What is The Yellow Ticket (1928 movie)?
A: The Yellow Ticket () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fyodor Otsep.

Q: What is Feistel cipher?
A: In cryptography, a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers, named after the German IBM cryptographer Horst Feistel; it is also commonly known as a Feistel network.

Q: What is Sex Discrimination Act 1975?
A: The Sex Discrimination Act 1975 (c.

Q: What is Acinos?
A: Acinos is a genus of ten species of annual and short-lived evergreen perennial woody plants native to southern Europe and western Asia.

Q: What is Marzipan?
A: Marzipan is a confection often used in sweets and cakes.

Q: What is Sydney, Nova Scotia?
A: Sydney (2001 population: 24,115) is a Canadian community in the province of Nova Scotia.

Q: What is Waimangaroa?
A: Waimangaroa is a small town on the West Coast of New Zealand.

Q: What is Samsung Galaxy S4?
A: The Samsung Galaxy S4 is an Android phone developed made by Samsung Electronics as the fourth smartphone of the Samsung Galaxy S series and was first seen publicly on March 14, 2013, at Samsung Mobile Unpacked in New York City.

Q: What is Cambodian Television Network?
A: Cambodian Television Network (CTN) is a free-to-air terrestrial television launched in March 2003, as a joint venture between Cambodian conglomerate The Royal Group and Stockholm-based Modern Times Group.

Q: What is Thomas & Friends?
A: The Great Race: Thomas & Friends: The Great Race is a 2016 feature-length Thomas & Friends special.

Q: What is Amber Skyrpan?
A: Amber Skyrpan (born 26 April 1992) is a Canadian sitting Volleyball With the national team she won the bronze medal at the 2015 Parapan American Games, and 2019 Parapan American Games.

Q: What is Loblaw Companies?
A: Loblaw Companies is a major Canadian food retailer.

Q: What is Ces53?
A: Ces53 is the graffiti name of Tonny van Hoenderloo van Zandt, a graffiti artist from the Netherlands.

Q: What is Johnny's Greatest Hits?
A: Johnny's Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Johnny Mathis.

Q: What is Hero of the Year (movie)?
A: Hero of the Year () is a 1987 Polish drama movie directed by Feliks Falk and starring Jerzy Stuhr, Piotr Machalica, Marian Opania, Ryszard Kotys, Jerzy Fedorowicz.

Q: What is Matsu Islands?
A: The Matsu Islands () are a small group of islands in the Taiwan Strait.

Q: What is United States at the 2024 Summer Olympics?
A: The United States of America (USA) was represented by the United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee (USOPC) in the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris.

Q: What is Patricia Anthony?
A: Patricia Anthony (January 3, 1947 – August 2, 2013) was an American science fiction and slipstream author.

Q: What is Che (Cyrillic)?
A: Che (Ч, ч) is the twenty-second letter in the Cyrillic alphabet.

Q: What is Signet Jewelers?
A: Signet Jewelers is, as of 2015, the world’s largest retailer of diamond jewellery.

Q: What is Homer at the Bat?
A: "Homer at the Bat" is the 17th episode of the 3rd season of The Simpsons.

Q: What is Pointe à la Hache, Louisiana?
A: Pointe à la Hache ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana "Census 2000 Data for the State of Louisiana" (town list), US Census Bureau, May 2003, webpage: [https://www.census.gov/census2000/states/la.html C2000-LA].

Q: What is Ennio Morricone?
A: Ennio Morricone (November 10, 1928 &ndash; July 6, 2020) was an Italian classical composer famous for making movie scores.

Q: What is Etel Adnan?
A: Etel Adnan (24 February 1925 &ndash; 14 November 2021) was a Lebanese-American Feminist writer, poet, essayist, and visual artist.

Q: What is International Mathematical Congress?
A: The 1893 International Mathematical Congress was an event that came before the International Congress of Mathematicians.

Q: What is Shaheed?
A: of a Shaheed who died in battle during the Iran-Iraq War which lasted from 1980-1988 Shaheed (&nbsp;, &nbsp;, &nbsp;&nbsp;; ) denotes a martyr in Islam and Sikhism.

Q: What is 1932 WAAA Championships?
A: The 1932 WAAA Championships were the 11th national track and field championships for Women's sports.

Q: What is Sand Rock, Alabama?
A: Sand Rock is a town of Cherokee and DeKalb counties in the state of Alabama, in the United States.

Q: What is Communes of Burundi?
A: The provinces of Burundi are divided into 117 communes.

Q: What is Rattini?
A: Rattini is a very diverse tribe of muroid rodents in the subfamily Murinae.

Q: What is Alaska Peninsula?
A: s on the Alaskan Peninsula The Alaska Peninsula is a peninsula of southwestern Alaska.

Q: What is Sodium hypochlorite?
A: Sodium hypochlorite is an unstable compound composed of sodium and hypochlorite ions.

Q: What is Holmby Hills?
A: Holmby Hills is one of the most exclusive neighborhoods in Los Angeles, California and adjacent to Bel Air.

Q: What is Economic nationalism?
A: Economic nationalism is the idea that a state should have control over its economy, labour and how capital is formed.

Q: What is Rich Hacker?
A: Richard Warren Hacker (October 6, 1947 – April 22, 2020) was an American Major League Baseball player, base coach and scout.

Q: What is Hyloscirtus platydactylus?
A: The Merida Andes tree frog (Hyloscirtus platydactylus) is a frog.

Q: What is The Idiot (1958 movie)?
A: The Idiot () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev.

Q: What is Dreadnoughtus?
A: Dreadnoughtus is a genus of giant titanosaurian dinosaur.

Q: What is Bagnères-de-Luchon?
A: Bagnères-de-Luchon (), also called Luchon, is a commune and spa town in the Haute-Garonne department in the Occitanie region of southwest France.

Q: What is Carbocation?
A: cation, demonstrating planar geometry A carbocation is an ion with a positively-charged carbon atom.

Q: What is Ethyl?
A: Ethyl may refer to: *Ethyl group: An organic group with one hydrogen atom removed from ethane.

Q: What is You'll Always Be My Baby?
A: "You'll Always Be My Baby" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Sara Evans.

Q: What is Blatten (Lötschen)?
A: Blatten (Lötschen) is a municipality in Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Q: What is Barefoot in the Park (movie)?
A: Barefoot in the Park is a 1967 American romance comedy movie.

Q: What is The Conveyor of Death?
A: The Conveyor of Death () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev.

Q: What is Richard Marx?
A: Richard Marx (born September 16, 1963) is an American musician.

Q: What is Gary Sobers?
A: Sir Garfield St Aubrun Sobers (born 28 July 1936 in St Michael, Barbados), generally known as Gary Sobers, is a former West Indian cricketer.

Q: What is Bassillon-Vauzé?
A: Bassillon-Vauzé is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea?
A: Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea () is a science fiction novel by French writer Jules Verne.

Q: What is The Strokes?
A: The Strokes are an American band formed in 1998.

Q: What is Annalise Braakensiek?
A: Annalise Braakensiek (9 December 1972 – 6 January 2019) was an Australian model, actress, and television presenter.

Q: What is War of the Roses?
A: War of the Roses may refer to: * Wars of the Roses, a civil war in England between the House of York and the House of Lancaster *The War of the Roses (movie), a 1989 movie.

Q: What is Heating oil?
A: Heating oil is oil that is burned as fuel in furnaces inside of buildings.

Q: What is La Parka II?
A: Jesús Alfonso Huerta Escoboza (4 January 1966 – 11 January 2020), better known as La Parka or La Parka II, was a Mexican masked professional wrestler (').

Q: What is Around the World in 80 Days (1956 movie)?
A: Around the World in 80 Days (sometimes written as Around the World in Eighty Days) is a 1956 adventure movie.

Q: What is WWE 2K14?
A: WWE 2K14 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's & Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.

Q: What is Paul Hüttel?
A: Paul Hüttel (13 July 1935 – 24 October 2025) was a Danish actor.

Q: What is Norman Lamont?
A: Norman Stewart Hughson Lamont, Baron Lamont of Lerwick (born 8 May 1942) is a British politician.

Q: What is Lées-Athas?
A: Lées-Athas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Yoshiko Ishiba?
A: Yoshiko Ishiba ( Nakamura; born 26 August 1956) is the wife of Shigeru Ishiba, the former prime minister of Japan.

Q: What is Phil Gramm?
A: Phil Gramm (born July 8, 1942) is an American economist and politician.

Q: What is Metatarsal bones?
A: The metatarsus or metatarsal bones are a group of five long bones in the foot.

Q: What is Bedelia (movie)?
A: Bedelia is a 1946 British drama movie directed by Lance Comfort and was based on the 1945 novel of the same name by Vera Caspary.

Q: What is List of unreleased songs recorded by Britney Spears?
A: tour (2009) This is a list of songs recorded by American singer Britney Spears, they were not put on albums, other CDs, or sent to radio stations.

Q: What is Kingdom of Kerma?
A: The Kingdom of Kerma was a state in Nubia from around 2500 BC to about 1520 BC.

Q: What is Sans (Undertale)?
A: Sans is a Fictional character from Undertale.

Q: What is Ohm's law?
A: Ohm's law says that in an electrical circuit, the current passing through a resistor is related to the voltage difference and the electrical resistance between the two sides, as long as the physical conditions and the temperature of the conductor remain constant.

Q: What is Christopher Polhem?
A: Christopher Polhammar (18 December 1661 – 30 August 1751), better known as Christopher Polhem, which he took after his ennoblement in 1716, was a Swedish scientist, inventor, and industrialist.

Q: What is Yuri Fedotov?
A: Yury Viktorovich Fedotov (, 14 December 1947 – 16 June 2022) was a Russian politician.

Q: What is Brione sopra Minusio?
A: Brione sopra Minusio is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Q: What is Piet Buijnsters?
A: Petrus Jacobus Adrianus Maria "Piet" Buijnsters (18 October 1933 – 17 November 2022) was a Dutch full professor and book historian.

Q: What is Adrenal tumor?
A: An adrenal tumor or adrenal mass is any benign or malignant neoplasms of the adrenal gland.

Q: What is USS Doris Miller?
A: USS Doris Miller (CVN-81) will be the fourth of the United States Navy.

Q: What is 1996 California Proposition 218?
A: Proposition 218 contains an additional requirement that any tax subject to voter approval assessed upon a parcel of real property or upon a person as an incident of real property ownership must be a special tax subject to two-thirds voter approval.

Q: What is Al-Abbas brigade?
A: The al-Abbas brigade (, or Kata'ib al-Abbas) is a Shia militant group in Syria.

Q: What is Motherwell F.C.?
A: The Motherwell Football & Athletic Club Ltd.

Q: What is Billboard Latin Music Awards?
A: The Billboard Latin Music Awards is an awards ceremony honoring artists who perform Latin music.

Q: What is Nicolas Byron?
A: Sir Nicolas Byron KB (1416-1503) was an English nobleman, politician, and knight.

Q: What is Lucio Corsi?
A: Lucio Corsi (born 15 October 1993), is an Italian singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Nicholas Sarwark?
A: Nicholas Sarwark (born August 27, 1979) is an American businessman and politician.

Q: What is Rajai Muasher?
A: Rajai Muasher ( ʾRaja'i Al-Mu'asher) is a Jordanian politician.

Q: What is Arturo Pomar?
A: Arturo Pomar Salamanca (September 1, 1931 &ndash; May 26, 2016) was a Spanish chess died on May 26, 2016 in Barcelona, Spain, aged 84.

Q: What is Meridian arc?
A: In geodesy, a meridian arc is the distance between two points with the same longitude.

Q: What is Hrochův Týnec?
A: Hrochův Týnec is a town in Chrudim District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.

Q: What is Downton Abbey?
A: The Grand Finale: Downton Abbey: The Grand Finale is a 2025 historical drama movie directed by Simon Curtis from a screenplay by Julian Fellowes.

Q: What is Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport?
A: Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport () , also known by its previous name Brnik Airport (), is the international airport of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.

Q: What is The Rock 'n' Sock Connection?
A: The Rock 'N' Sock Connection was a professional wrestling tag team.

Q: What is Specialized English?
A: Specialized English is a controlled version of the English language used for radio broadcasting, easier for non-native speakers of English.

Q: What is Barneys New York?
A: Barneys New York is an American department store chain founded in 1923 by Barney Pressman.

Q: What is Poanes zabulon?
A: The Zabulon Skipper (Poanes zabulon) is a North American butterfly.

Q: What is Bright Sparklers fireworks disaster?
A: The Bright Sparklers fireworks disaster happened in Sungai Buloh, Selangor, Malaysia, on 7 May 1991 at 3:45 AM.

Q: What is Bédarrides?
A: Bédarrides is a commune of 5,110 people (as of 1999).

Q: What is Arrondissement of Sarlat-la-Canéda?
A: The arrondissement of Sarlat-la-Canéda is an arrondissement of France.

Q: What is Malesherbes, Loiret?
A: Malesherbes is a former French commune.

Q: What is Flicka?
A: Flicka is a 2006 American family adventure drama movie loosely based on the 1941 children's novel My Friend Flicka by Mary O'Hara.

Q: What is Elections in Azerbaijan?
A: Elections are held in Azerbaijan to elect the head of state (the president) and a legislature (the parliament).

Q: What is Soraya Post?
A: Soraya Viola Heléna Post (born 15 October 1956) is a Swedish politician.

Q: What is Sonic X-treme?
A: Sonic X-treme was a platform game developed by Sega Technical Institute.

Q: What is For Those About To Rock (We Salute You)?
A: "For Those About To Rock (We Salute You)" is a 1982 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and taken from their eighth studio album For Those About to Rock We Salute You.

Q: What is Thomaston, Georgia?
A: Thomaston is a city in the U.S.

Q: What is Tarzan's Treehouse?
A: Tarzan's Treehouse is a walk-through attraction in Disneyland in Anaheim, California.

Q: What is What's Up Doc? (British TV series)?
A: What's Up Doc? is a British children's entertainment show that aired on ITV on Saturday mornings from September 5, 1992 to April 29, 1995, but it was replaced by Scratchy and Co.

Q: What is NAPA Auto Parts?
A: companies of the United States establishments in the United States NAPA Auto Parts is an American retailers' cooperative.

Q: What is Taunton?
A: Taunton is a town in the county of Somerset.

Q: What is Peggy Sue Got Married?
A: Peggy Sue Got Married is a 1986 American romantic fantasy comedy-drama movie.

Q: What is 2021 Baltimore Ravens season?
A: The 2021 season was the Baltimore Ravens' 26th season in the National Football League and their fourteenth under head coach John Harbaugh.

Q: What is Coke County, Texas?
A: Coke County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is H. Joel Deckard?
A: Huey Joel Deckard (March 7, 1942 – September 6, 2016) was an American politician.

Q: What is Inezita Barroso?
A: Ignez Magdalena Aranha de Lima "Inezita" Barroso (4 March 1925 – 8 March 2015), was a Brazilian sertanejo singer, guitarist, actress, TV presenter, librarian, folklorist and teacher.

Q: What is 1980 Turkish coup d'état?
A: 1980 Turkish coup d’état is the third coup in the history of Republic of Turkey led by Kenan Evren, which overthrew the 1980 government of Turkey.

Q: What is Heirem Khunja?
A: The Luwang Heirem Khunja (), shortly known as the Heirem Khunja (), was an ancient sub-tribe within the Luwang clan of Ancient Kangleipak (early Manipur).

Q: What is Judah (son of Jacob)?
A: Judah is a person from the Book of Genesis.

Q: What is Aziz Ahmed (general)?
A: Aziz Ahmed (, born 1 January 1961) is a Bangladeshi four Star General.

Q: What is Absolute value?
A: of the absolute value function for real numbers.

Q: What is Harbor Freight Tools?
A: Harbor Freight Tools is an American privately held tool and equipment retailer.

Q: What is Alois Hitler?
A: Alois Hitler (born Alois Schicklgruber, 7 June 1837 3 January 1903) was the father of Adolf Hitler.

Q: What is The Herd (South African series)?
A: The Herd is a South African television drama which aired on Sunday, 08 July 2018 on Mzansi Magic.

Q: What is The Third Half (1962 movie)?
A: The Third Half () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov.

Q: What is Barbara McAulay?
A: Barbara Ethel McAulay Donnet (1929 – November 2020) was an Australian diver.

Q: What is Rainulf Drengot?
A: Rainulf Drengot (dead in 1045) was a Norman adventurer.

Q: What is John Byron (British Army officer)?
A: Captain John Byron (7 February 1756 – 2 August 1791) was a British Army officer and writer, best known as the father of poet Lord Byron.

Q: What is Scott County, Illinois?
A: Scott County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Aeta people?
A: Aeta (Ayta ), Agta and Dumagat, are collective terms for several indigenous peoples who live as hunter-gatherers in various parts of Luzon in the Philippines.

Q: What is Bachelor?
A: A bachelor is a man who has not been married and is not cohabiting.

Q: What is East Japan Railway Company?
A: The East Japan Railway Company () or the JR East is a major passenger railway company in Japan and is the biggest of the seven Japan Railways Group companies.

Q: What is Leonid Osipov?
A: Leonid Mikhaylovich Osipov (, 6 February 1943 &ndash; 5 November 2020) was a Russian water polo player.

Q: What is Queso de mano?
A: Queso de mano (English: Cheese of the hand) is a type of queso fresco commonly eaten in Venezuela.

Q: What is Outbreak?
A: An outbreak is an event that sometimes cannot be controlled for several months, years, or longer.

Q: What is Ulrick Chérubin?
A: Ulrick Chérubin (December 24, 1943 — September 25, 2014) was a Canadians Chérubin died in Amos, Quebec, Canada, aged 70.

Q: What is Bobby Pulido?
A: Bobby Pulido better known as Bobby (born April 25, 1971) is an American Tejano singer.

Q: What is Ciego de Avila?
A: Ciego de Ávila is a city in the central part of Cuba and the capital of Ciego de Ávila Province.

Q: What is Don't Look Back in Anger?
A: "Don't Look Back in Anger" is a song by English rock band Oasis.

Q: What is Minister for Foreign Affairs (Japan)?
A: The Minister for Foreign Affairs (外務大臣, Gaimu Daijin) of Japan is the Cabinet member responsible for Japanese foreign policy and the chief executive of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Q: What is Auderville?
A: Auderville is a former commune.

Q: What is Great Green Wall?
A: The Great Green Wall of Africa is a strip of trees being planted across Africa to stop the Sahara desert from moving south.

Q: What is Lake Omszk?
A: Lake Omszk is an artificial lake in Hungary, located in Budakalász, Pest County, just north of Budapest’s border.

Q: What is Social justice warrior?
A: Social justice warrior (also known as SJW), is a pejorative term for people who support feminism or have left-wing opinions.

Q: What is Baltanás?
A: Baltanás is a municipality found in the province of Palencia in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Q: What is Abdul-Rahman Al-Sudais?
A: Abdul Rahman Ibn Abdul Aziz al-Sudais (Arabic: عَبْدُ الرَّحْمَنِ السُّدَيْسُ) was born in the city of Qassim, Saudi Arabia in the year 1961, is a Saudi world renown Qari.

Q: What is Computer Misuse Act 1990?
A: The Computer Misuse Act 1990 (c.

Q: What is Port of Karachi?
A: The Port of Karachi () is Pakistan's largest and busiest seaport.

Q: What is Solid?
A: Solid is one of the four common states of matter.

Q: What is Korean Empire?
A: The Korean Empire (Daehan Jeguk, ) was established in 1897 and lasted between until 1910.

Q: What is Luis Monti?
A: Luis Felipe Monti (15 May 1901 – 9 September 1983) was an Italian Argentine footballer who played as a midfielder and an Olympian.

Q: What is Aynishan Quliyeva?
A: Aynişan Quliyeva (born 1992 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is a singer.

Q: What is Rene Rivkin?
A: Rene Rivkin (June 6, 1944 – May 1, 2005) was an Australian man, born in Shanghai, who made much money by buying stocks and shares on the Australian stockmarket.

Q: What is Dinamani (newspaper)?
A: Dinamani is an Indian Tamil language daily newspaper.

Q: What is Hairy-eared dwarf lemur?
A: The hairy-eared dwarf lemur (Allocebus trichotis), is a type of lemur.

Q: What is Greensboro, Alabama?
A: Greensboro is a city in Hale County.

Q: What is AEW TBS Championship?
A: The AEW TBS Championship is a professional wrestling championship in All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Q: What is Danger - Love at Work?
A: Danger - Love at Work is a 1937 American romantic comedy movie directed by Otto Preminger and starring Ann Sothern, Jack Haley, Edward Everett Horton, Mary Boland, John Carradine, Walter Catlett, Benny Bartlett, Maurice Cass, Charles Coleman.

Q: What is Sainte-Catherine-lès-Arras?
A: Sainte-Catherine-lès-Arras is a commune.

Q: What is Russia–Syria–Iran–Iraq coalition?
A: The Russia–Syria–Iran–Iraq coalition (also called the 4+1 coalition, with Hezbollah as the "plus one") was an intelligence-sharing group formed in late September 2015.

Q: What is Bridget Riley?
A: Bridget Louise Riley (born 24 April 1931) is an English painter, and op artist.

Q: What is Canadian Premier League?
A: Canadian Premier League (CPL) is a Canadian soccer league that started in 2017.

Q: What is Drush?
A: Drush is a free and open source software application that allows people to install and change drupal websites.

Q: What is Hekatonkheires?
A: collapse under the boulders thrown by the Hekatonkheires ('The Fall of the Titans by Peter Paul Rubens, 1637–1638) The Hekatonkheires ( - "Hundred-handed ones") are one of the three races of beings born to Ouranos and Gaia, the primordial gods of the sky and the Earth.

Q: What is Josiah Wedgwood?
A: , is now part of a four-star hotel , 1780.

Q: What is Asano Nagasato?
A: is a former Japanese football player.

Q: What is Katherine McNamara?
A: Katherine Grace McNamara (born November 22, 1995 in Kansas, Missouri) is an American actress.

Q: What is Mission Hills, Los Angeles?
A: Mission Hills is an urban residential community of the San Fernando Valley, within the city of Los Angeles, California.

Q: What is Dave Baksh?
A: David Nizaam "Brownsound" Baksh (born 26 July, 1980 in Ajax, Ontario) is a Canadian guitarist, singer and producer of Guyanese descent, best known as the former guitarist of successful pop punk band Sum 41, but has since became a singer/guitarist in his own heavy metal/reggae project Brown Brigade.

Q: What is Le Chenit?
A: Le Chenit is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Siege of Shushtar (1225)?
A: The Siege of Shushtar (also Shustar) happened in 1225 between the Khwarazmian Empire, led by Jalal al-Din Mangburni, and the local garrison loyal to the Abbasid Caliphate, commanded by Muzaffar ad-Din Kök-Böri.

Q: What is H. Vasanthakumar?
A: Harikrishnan Nadar Vasanthakumar (14 April 195028 August 2020) was an Indian businessman and politician.

Q: What is Term life insurance?
A: Term Life Insurance is life insurance that provides coverage for a specific period, or "term." Common terms might be 10, 20, or 30 years.

Q: What is Paper plane?
A: A paper plane is a toy airplane made from paper.

Q: What is James Ferguson-Lees?
A: Ian James Ferguson-Lees (8 January 1929 &ndash; 11 January 2017) was a British ornithologist.

Q: What is Seleucus IV Philopator?
A: Seleucus IV Philopator was the second son of Antiochus the Great and the seventh king of the Seleucid Empire.

Q: What is Frank Darabont?
A: Frank Árpád Darabont (born Darabont Ferenc Árpád; January 28, 1959) is a Hungarian-American film director, screenwriter and producer who has been nominated for three Academy Awards and a Golden Globe Award.

Q: What is Tavernes?
A: Tavernes is a commune of 1,405 people (2019).

Q: What is Houston Chronicle?
A: The Houston Chronicle is the largest daily newspaper in Texas, USA.

Q: What is Gloria (American TV series)?
A: Gloria is an American situation comedy television program and a spin-off of Archie Bunker's Place.

Q: What is Suiko Seamount?
A: is an underwater volcano (seamount) of the Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain in the Pacific Ocean.

Q: What is Combustor?
A: A combustor is a part or area of a gas turbine, ramjet, or scramjet engine where combustion takes place.

Q: What is Jigglypuff?
A: Jigglypuff, known in Japan as Purin (プリン), is one of the fictional species of Pokémon from the Pokémon media franchise owned by Nintendo and Game Freak.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Château-Thierry?
A: The arrondissement of Château-Thierry is an arrondissement of France, in the Aisne department, Hauts-de-France region.

Q: What is Haiku (operating system)?
A: Haiku (initially OpenBeOS) is an open source operating system in development aimed at personal desktop computing and inspired by Be Inc.'s BeOS.

Q: What is Abiy Ahmed?
A: Abiy Ahmed Ali (Amharic): ዐብይ አሕመድ ዐሊ Oromo (*Latin text): Abiyi Ahmed Alii; (Oromo on Geez text: አቢይ አህመድ አሊ born 15 August 1976) is an Ethiopian patriot leader serving as the 4th prime minister of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia since 2 April 2018.

Q: What is Go West, Young Lady?
A: Go West, Young Lady is a 1941 American western comedy movie directed by Frank R.

Q: What is Tosh.0?
A: Tosh.0 is an American comedy television show that was created by comedian Daniel Tosh.

Q: What is Darwin?
A: Darwin can mean: * Charles Darwin (1809–1882), the person who developed the biological theory of evolution by natural selection * Erasmus Darwin (1731–1802), the grandfather of Charles * Darwin, Northern Territory, capital city of the Northern Territory, Australia * Darwin (operating system), a computer operating system used on Apple's Mac OS X.

Q: What is Doug?
A: Doug is an animated television program.

Q: What is University of Leipzig Medical Center?
A: The University of Leipzig Medical Center is one of the oldest university hospitals in Germany.

Q: What is Luonan County?
A: Luonan County (, pinyin: Luònán Xiàn) is a county of Shangluo Municipality, Shaanxi Province, China.

Q: What is Anthony Ramos?
A: Anthony Ramos Martinez (born November 1, 1991) is an American actor and singer.

Q: What is Grigory Margulis?
A: Grigory Aleksandrovich Margulis (, first name often given as Gregory, Grigori or Gregori; born February 24, 1946) is a Russian-American mathematician.

Q: What is Georges Bidault?
A: Georges-Augustin Bidault (; 5 October 189927 January 1983) was a French politician.

Q: What is The Forward?
A: The Forward (, and formerly known as "The Jewish Daily Forward") is an American news media organization for a Jewish American audience.

Q: What is Meshulam Riklis?
A: Meshulam Riklis (; 2 December 1923 – 25 January 2019) was an American-Israeli businessman.

Q: What is Katsuyoshi Shinto?
A: is a former Japanese football player and manager.

Q: What is Vueling?
A: Vueling Airlines (often called just Vueling) is a Spanish airline.

Q: What is Vatican Observatory?
A: The Vatican Observatory (Italian: Specola Vaticana) is an astronomical research institution.

Q: What is Lead acid battery?
A: A lead acid battery is a secondary cell, meaning that it is rechargeable.

Q: What is Trndez?
A: Trndez, also known as Tyarnndarach and Candlemas Day, is a special event in the Armenian Apostolic Church and Armenian Catholic Churches.

Q: What is Thiruthani Murugan Temple?
A: The Thiruthani Murugan Temple is a prominent Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Murugan, located in the town of Thiruthani in Tamil Nadu, India.

Q: What is Syndicate?
A: A syndicate is a self organization group of people or companies.

Q: What is Jana Žitňanská?
A: Jana Žitňanská (born 17 May 1974) is a Slovak journalist and politician.

Q: What is G. K. Bowes?
A: Gina Keali'inohomoku Bowes is an American voice actress.

Q: What is Blind Musician?
A: Blind Musician () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich.

Q: What is Guna Yala?
A: Guna Yala is an indigenous region in Panama.

Q: What is Valprato Soana?
A: Valprato Soana is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Q: What is Saint Finbarr?
A: Saint Finbarr (550-623) was an Irish bishop of Cork.

Q: What is Freddie Wadling?
A: Berndt Arvid Freddie Wadling (August 2, 1951 &ndash; June 2, 2016) was a Swedish singer, actor and opera writer.

Q: What is Darab County?
A: Darab County () is a Counties of Iran [http://www.gitashenasi.com/En/Product/Index.cfm?I=9 اطلس گیتاشناسی استان‌های ایران] At the 2006 census, the county's population was 172,938, in 39,955 families.

Q: What is Michael Feichtenbeiner?
A: Michael Feichtenbeiner (born 9 July 1960) is a German football coach.

Q: What is New Brunswick Youth Orchestra?
A: New Brunswick Youth Orchestra is a Canadian youth orchestra based in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada.

Q: What is Mansa district, India?
A: Mansa is a city and municipal council in Mansa district of Punjab, India.

Q: What is Brisbane Water National Park?
A: Brisbane Water National Park is a national park in the east of the Australian state of New South Wales, 47&nbsp;kilometres northeast of Sydney.

Q: What is Johan Devrindt?
A: Johan Devrindt (14 April 1944) was an Belgian footballer.

Q: What is Sports for the disabled?
A: Sports for the disabled, also called parasports are sports played by people with a disability, including physical and intellectual disabilities.

Q: What is New Edition?
A: New Edition is an American R&B boy band from the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts It was formed in 1978.

Q: What is Revolt of Zayd ibn Ali?
A: On the 1st of Safar 122, Zayed ibn Ali started a unsuccessful rebellion against the Umayyad Caliphate, that had been taken from the Rashidun Empire.

Q: What is Taban Deng Gai?
A: Taban Deng Gai is a South Sudanese politician.

Q: What is Annie Bovaird?
A: Lindsay Anne "Annie" Bovaird (born February 28, 1992) is a Canadian actress, well known for voicing the title character in the animated TV series Caillou after its previous voice actress Jaclyn Linetsky died in a car crash.

Q: What is Heavy equipment?
A: Heavy equipment are heavy-duty vehicles.

Q: What is Olympus?
A: Mount Olympus (; also transliteration In Greek mythology the mountain was regarded as the "Home of the Gods", specifically of the Dodekatheon, the twelve principal gods of the ancient Hellenistic world.

Q: What is École nationale supérieure de mécanique et d'aérotechnique?
A: The École nationale supérieure de mécanique et d'aérotechnique is a renowned graduate engineering school in France.

Q: What is Allendale, South Carolina?
A: Allendale is a town in Allendale County, South Carolina, United States.

Q: What is Opera Atelier?
A: Opera Atelier is an opera company, based in Toronto.

Q: What is Malmö FF?
A: Malmö FF is an association football club in the town of Malmö in Sweden.

Q: What is Elimination Chamber (2013)?
A: Elimination Chamber (2013) (also known as No Escape (2013) in Germany) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE.

Q: What is Boulos Nassif Borkhoche?
A: Boulos Nassif Borkhoche (born Paul Victor Borkhoche, SMSP (7 October 1932 &ndash; 4 February 2021) was a Lebanese-born Syrian Melkite Greek Catholic hierarch.

Q: What is Shabu shabu?
A: is a Japanese variant of hot pot.

Q: What is Shailendra Prasad Sah?
A: Shailendra Prasad Sah (Nepali: शैलेन्द्र प्रसाद साह) is a Nepalese politician.

Q: What is Pompeyo Márquez?
A: Pompeyo Ezequiel Márquez Millán (28 May 1922 – 21 June 2017) was a Venezuelan politician, journalist and former marxist guerrilla member in the 1960s.

Q: What is Republic of Ireland?
A: Ireland ( ) is a European country on the island of Ireland.

Q: What is London underground 1956 stock?
A: The London Underground 1956 stock were prototype units built by Metro Cammell that were used on the London Underground from 1956 to 1995.

Q: What is Animal Planet?
A: Animal Planet is a television network that is mainly about human and animal relationships.

Q: What is Joke Kersten?
A: Johanna Wilhelmina "Joke" Kersten (11 April 1944 – 6 August 2020) was a Dutch politician.

Q: What is Grand Cayman?
A: Grand Cayman is the largest of the three Cayman Islands at about 196 km² and contains the capital George Town.

Q: What is Zeus?
A: Zeus (Ancient Greek: Ζεύς, Modern Greek: Δίας), is the god of the sky, lightning, and the thunder in Ancient Greek religion and mythology, and ruler of all the gods on Mount Olympus.

Q: What is Environmental migration?
A: s or tropical storms- yellow: desertification or droughts - blue: rising sea levels (islands and river estuaries) Environmental migration is a form of migration which happens because the environment changes where people live.

Q: What is Agnee Morcha?
A: Agnee Morcha is a Hindi action movie from Bollywood starring Dharmendra, Ravi Kishan, Mukesh Khanna, directed by Raju Chouhan and produced by Rajesh Kothari.

Q: What is Supervised learning?
A: In machine learning, supervised learning is the task of inferring a function from labelled training data.

Q: What is Mister International India?
A: Mister International India was a national pageant in India that annually selects India's representative to Mister International pageant.

Q: What is Income?
A: Income is the money that someone gets for business activities.

Q: What is Beledweyne?
A: Beledweyne (, , ) is a city in central Somalia.

Q: What is Nynäshamns IF?
A: Nynäshamns IF is a sports club in the town of Nynäshamn in Sweden.

Q: What is Lyari River?
A: Lyari River () is a small stream in Karachi, Pakistan.

Q: What is United Nations Permanent Forum on People of African Descent?
A: The United Nations Permanent Forum on People of African Descent is a group created by the UN to help include people of UN General Assembly, after a request from Epsy Campbell Barr, former Vice President of Costa Rica.

Q: What is Kris King?
A: Kris King (born February 18, 1966 in Bracebridge, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey left winger that played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Washington Capitals, New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, Phoenix Coyotes and the Winnipeg Jets.

Q: What is Baal Krishna?
A: Baal Krishna is an Indian Hindi-language television soap opera drama which was premiered on 14 March 2016 and it was broadcast on BIG Magic.

Q: What is Bonningues-lès-Calais?
A: Bonningues-lès-Calais is a commune.

Q: What is Posthumous (movie)?
A: Posthumous is a 2014 American German romantic comedy movie directed by first time director Lulu Wang and starring Brit Marling, Jack Huston, Lambert Wilson, Tom Schilling, Alexander Fehling, Nikolai Kinski.

Q: What is Eye for Eye?
A: Eye for Eye (1987) is a science fiction novella (or short book) by Orson Scott Card.

Q: What is 2015 South Indian floods?
A: 2015 South Indian floods is a disaster happened in South India.

Q: What is Putnisite?
A: Putnisite is a mineral composed of strontium, calcium, chromium, sulfur, carbon, oxygen and hydrogen.

Q: What is Emily?
A: The name Emily [ em-uh-lee ] is a female given name.

Q: What is Potassium arsenite?
A: Potassium arsenite is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Kimballton, Iowa?
A: Kimballton is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Margaret Landon?
A: Margaret Landon was an American writer who wrote the 1944 novel Anna and the King of Siam based on the life of Anna Leonowens.

Q: What is Heart (symbol)?
A: The heart symbol is a symbol used to express affection or love, especially if it is romantic.

Q: What is Spike Spiegel?
A: Spike Spiegel is the main character from the manga and anime Cowboy Bebop.

Q: What is Trail of Tears?
A: The Trail of Tears was a forced movement of Native Americans in the United States between 1836 and 1839.

Q: What is Valletta?
A: Valletta is the capital city of Malta.

Q: What is Nick at Nite?
A: Nick at Nite (stylized as nick@nite) is an American nighttime programming block.

Q: What is Magdana's Donkey?
A: Magdana's Donkey (, ) is a 1955 Georgian drama movie directed by Tengiz Abuladze and Revaz Chkheidze.

Q: What is Lindsey Buckingham?
A: Lindsey Adams Buckingham (born October 3, 1949) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and producer.

Q: What is Dalmatian barbelgudgeon?
A: The Dalmatian barbelgudgeon (Aulopyge huegelii) is a cyprinid in the subfamily Barbinae.

Q: What is Western Allied invasion of Germany?
A: The Western Allied invasion of Germany was an attack on Nazi Germany that was done by the Western Allies in the final months of the European War in World War II.

Q: What is Robert Brown?
A: Robert Brown FRS FRSE FLS (21 December 1773 – 10 June 1858) was a Scottish botanist.

Q: What is Alfred Flatow?
A: Alfred Flatow was a gymnast from Germany.

Q: What is Peter Thomas?
A: Peter Thomas (June 28, 1924 &ndash; April 30, 2016) was an American announcer and narrator of television programs, including Nova, Forensic Files and Medical Detectives.

Q: What is Solothurn?
A: Solothurn can mean: * Canton of Solothurn, a canton of Switzerland * Solothurn (city), the capital of the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland * Solothurn (district), a district of the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.

Q: What is Holt Renfrew?
A: Holt, Renfrew & Co., Limited is a Canadian chain of luxury department stores.

Q: What is Weaning?
A: Weaning means changing the diet of a baby from its mother's milk to the food it will eat as an adult.

Q: What is Spooky Scary Skeletons?
A: Spooky Scary Skeletons is a 1996 Halloween song by Andrew Gold.

Q: What is Rhian Edmunds?
A: Rhian Edmunds is a track cyclist from Wales.

Q: What is Warsaw Pact?
A: :Distinguish from the Warsaw Convention, which is an agreement about financial liability in air travel, and the Treaty of Warsaw (1970) between West Germany and the People's Republic of Poland.

Q: What is Gilles Grondin?
A: Gilles Grondin (3 February 1943 – 18 July 2005) was a Canadian politician.

Q: What is 2020 Bolivian general election?
A: Snap general elections were held in Bolivia on 18 October 2020 for President, Vice-President, and all seats in both the Senate and Chamber of Deputies.

Q: What is Bombycoidea?
A: Bombycoidea is a superfamily of moths.

Q: What is Ensenada Municipality?
A: The Ensenada Municipality is a municipality in Baja California.

Q: What is Arianna Huffington?
A: Arianna Stassinopoulos Huffington (born Ariadnē-Anna Stasinopoúlou, ; on July 15, 1950) is a Greek-American author and syndicated columnist.

Q: What is Dick Scobee?
A: Francis Richard "Dick" Scobee (May 19, 1939 - January 28, 1986) was an American astronaut.

Q: What is Washington State Route 518?
A: State Route&nbsp;518 (SR&nbsp;518) is a highway in King County in the U.S.

Q: What is Leader of the Opposition (Ireland)?
A: The Leader of the Opposition () in Ireland is the politician who, , leads the Parliamentary Opposition in the lower house of the Irish Parliament, Dáil Éireann.

Q: What is Bob Beckel?
A: Robert Gilliland Beckel (November 15, 1948 – February 21, 2022) was an American political analyst and pundit.

Q: What is Ceutí?
A: Ceutí is a municipality in the Region of Murcia, in Spain.

Q: What is Kobe, Hyōgo?
A: :For the basketball player, see Kobe Bryant.

Q: What is Pygmoelian?
A: "Pygmoelian" is the sixteenth episode of the eleventh season of The Simpsons.

Q: What is Robinah Nabbanja?
A: Robinah Nabbanja (born 17 December 1969) is a Ugandan educator and politician who serves as the Prime Minister of Uganda Before, she was the Ministry of Health (Uganda) She is also a Parliament of Uganda.

Q: What is Sara Bahrami?
A: Sara Bahrami is an Iranian actress, born on 19 September 1982 in Isfahan, Iran.

Q: What is Country-western dance?
A: The country-western dance (also country dance or cowboy) is dancing that is performed mostly to country music.

Q: What is Cairn Terrier?
A: The Cairn Terrier is a breed of working dogs.

Q: What is Crawling (song)?
A: "Crawling" is the second single off of American rock band Linkin Park's first studio album Hybrid Theory.

Q: What is Kelly Sawyer Patricof?
A: Kelly Sawyer Patricof is a Canadian-American businesswoman.

Q: What is The Turn of the Screw?
A: The Turn of the Screw is a horror novel by Henry James.

Q: What is Blanca Soto?
A: Blanca Delfina Soto Benavides (born January 5, 1979 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, model, and former beauty queen.

Q: What is Hermit?
A: , who lived as a hermit near Bethlehem, depicted in his study being visited by two angels (Cavarozzi, early 17th century).

Q: What is Genna?
A: was a coming after Keichō and before Kan'ei.

Q: What is City of London Police?
A: The City of London Police is the police force responsible for law enforcement within the City of London, including the Middle and Inner Temple.

Q: What is Vladimir Andreyev?
A: Vladimir Alekseevich Andreyev (; 27 August 1930 – 29 August 2020) was a Soviet and Russian theater and actor, theater director, screenwriter and teacher.

Q: What is Emmanuelle Vaugier?
A: Emmanuelle Vaugier (born 23 June 1976) is a Canadian actress, musician and fashion model.

Q: What is Hudiksvall?
A: Hudiksvall () is an urban area in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden.

Q: What is Norrmalmstorg robbery?
A: The Norrmalmstorg robbery was a bank robbery that happened at the Norrmalmstorg Square in Stockholm, Sweden, in August 1973.

Q: What is Athletic shoe?
A: An athletic shoe is a name for a shoe designed for sporting and physical activities, and is different in style and build than a dress shoe.

Q: What is Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
A: The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are an American Football team in the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Glen Phillips?
A: Glen Phillips (born December 29, 1970) is an American songwriter, singer and guitarist.

Q: What is Affliction (movie)?
A: Affliction is an American drama movie produced in 1997.

Q: What is Elephant?
A: , in Luanga National Park, Zambia Elephants are the biggest living land mammals.

Q: What is Nuncio?
A: meeting President of Bosnia and Herzegovina Nejboša Radmanović A nuncio is a special type of diplomat for the Holy See (the central government of Vatican City and Catholic Church).

Q: What is Tropical Storm Edouard (2008)?
A: Tropical Storm Edouard was a tropical storm that formed in the Gulf of Mexico.

Q: What is Stanley Peak (Ball Range)?
A: Stanley Peak is a 3,155 m high mountain (10,335 ft) located in the Ball Range, at the northeastern section of Kootenay National Park, in Canadian Rocky Mountains (British Columbia / Canada).

Q: What is N'Singa Udjuu?
A: Joseph N'Singa Udjuu Ongwabeki Untubwe (29 September 1934 – 24 February 2021) was a Congolese politician.

Q: What is The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success?
A: The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success – A Practical Guide to the Fulfillment of Your Dreams is a small self-help book from 1994 by Deepak Chopra.

Q: What is Coutures, Gironde?
A: Coutures, Gironde is a commune.

Q: What is Brossard, Quebec?
A: Brossard is a city near Montreal in the Canadian province of Quebec.

Q: What is Alan Oshyer?
A: Alan Oshyer was a weightlifter from Australia.

Q: What is Tsumkwe Constituency?
A: Tsumkwe Constituency is an Constituencies of Namibia Tsumkwe is the capital city of San people.

Q: What is Neomorphinae?
A: Neomorphinae is a subfamily of the cuckoo family, Cuculidae.

Q: What is Primatomorpha?
A: The Primatomorpha are a mirorder of mammals.

Q: What is Gamete?
A: A gamete is a specialized sex cell that fuses with another gamete during fertilization (conception) in organisms that reproduce sexually.

Q: What is 2025 Australian Grand Prix?
A: The 2025 Australian Grand Prix (known for advertising reasons as the Formula 1 Louis Vuitton Australian Grand Prix 2025) was a Formula One auto race that happened on 16 March 2025 at the Albert Park Circuit in Melbourne, Victoria (state) Lando Norris driving for the team McLaren won the race from pole position.

Q: What is Heaven in Christianity?
A: Heaven is a good place where God lives.

Q: What is Charlestown Azzurri FC?
A: Charlestown Azzurri Football Club, formerly called Charlestown City Blues Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Whitebridge, a suburb of Newcastle about 2.3km from the suburb of Charlestown.

Q: What is International Friendship Day?
A: International Friendship Day celebrations take place on the 4 January every year.

Q: What is The Last American Hero?
A: The Last American Hero (also known as Hard Driver) is a 1973 sports drama movie based on the true story NASCAR driver Junior Johnson.

Q: What is Empire of the Sun (band)?
A: Empire of the Sun is an Australian electronic music group which started in 2007.

Q: What is Mekhi Phifer?
A: Mekhi Thira Phifer (born December 29, 1974) is an American actor.

Q: What is Ermanno Olmi?
A: Ermanno Olmi (24 July 1931 – 5 May 2018) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter.

Q: What is FB Vis?
A: The Vis or Vis 35 (Polish designation Pistolet wz.

Q: What is Peter Medawar?
A: Sir Peter Brian Medawar OM CBE FRS (28 February 1915 – 2 October 1987) was a British biologist.

Q: What is Mung bean?
A: The Mung bean (or mungo bean) is a legume, which is mostly grown in Asia.

Q: What is Cristina Ferrare?
A: Cynthia Cristina Ferrare (born 1950) is an American fashion model, actress, author and talk-show host.

Q: What is The Upsetter (movie)?
A: The Upsetter: The Life and Music of Lee Scratch Perry is a documentary movie about Jamaican musician Lee "Scratch" Perry.

Q: What is Milan Kajkl?
A: Milan Kajkl (May 14, 1950 – January 18, 2014) was a Czechoslovak Olympic ice hockey player.

Q: What is 2010 Winter Paralympics?
A: The 2010 Winter Paralympics were the 10th Winter Paralympics.

Q: What is Beijing Museum of Natural History?
A: The Beijing Museum of Natural History (BMNH; ) is the most popular natural history museum in China.

Q: What is Northern dwarf tree frog?
A: The northern dwarf tree frog, dwarf tree frog, lined grass frog, green reed frog, Pandan frog, bicolored grass frog or northern sedge frog (Litoria bicolor) It lives all along the coast of northern Australia.

Q: What is While loop?
A: In computer science, a while loop is a statement which is used to execute code repeatedly based on a condition.

Q: What is Exodus?
A: Gods and Kings: Exodus: Gods and Kings is a movie made by Ridley Scott in 2014 that is loosely based on the Book of Exodus.

Q: What is Ellsworth Street Bridge?
A: The Ellsworth Street Bridge is a highway bridge that crosses the Willamette River in Albany, Oregon, United States.

Q: What is Aiea, Hawaii?
A: and Aloha Stadium Aiea (Hawaiian: Aiea) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States.

Q: What is Rynagh O'Grady?
A: Rynagh O'Grady (18 April 1951 – 7 February 2021) was an Irish people O'Grady died on 7 February 2021 in Dublin, at the age of 69.

Q: What is Braided river?
A: in the South Island of New Zealand is a braided river : The Narew at Strękowa Góra in Washington State A braided river is a network of small channels separated by islands that are often not fixed.

Q: What is Chenghua Emperor?
A: The Chenghua Emperor (9 December 1447 – 9 September 1487), born Zhu Jianshen and later renamed Zhu Jianru in 1457, was the ninth emperor of the Ming dynasty, reigning from 1464 to 1487.

Q: What is Jason Patric?
A: Jason Patric (born June 17, 1966) is an American actor.

Q: What is Seymour Benzer?
A: Seymour Benzer (October 15, 1921 – November 30, 2007) was an American physicist, biologist and geneticist.

Q: What is Fairview Park, Ohio?
A: Fairview Park is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, in the United States.

Q: What is Erskine Caldwell?
A: Erskine Caldwell (17 December 1903 – 11 April 1987) was an American writer.

Q: What is Brandi Carlile?
A: Brandi Carlile (born June 1, 1981) is an American singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Jean-Claude Schindelholz?
A: Jean-Claude Henri Schindelholz (born 11 October 1940) is a Swiss former footballer.

Q: What is Union College?
A: Union College is a private liberal arts college in Schenectady, New York.

Q: What is Jānis Cakuls?
A: Jānis Cakuls (4 July 1926 – 26 February 2022) was a Latvian Roman Catholic prelate.

Q: What is Givenchy?
A: Givenchy (, ) is a French luxury fashion and perfume company.

Q: What is New Orleans English?
A: New Orleans English refers to the range of accents native to the Greater New Orleans metropolitan area.

Q: What is Zrnka Krajnović?
A: Zrnka Krajnović or Zrnka Ličanka was a Yugoslavian track and field athlete, being active during the 1930s.

Q: What is Not?
A: The word not negates the meaning of the word or phrase following it; see No.

Q: What is Electoral district of Footscray?
A: Footscray is an electoral district of Victoria.

Q: What is Donald Rice?
A: Donald Blessing Rice (born June 4, 1939) is an American businessman and senior government official.

Q: What is Fernley, Nevada?
A: Fernley is a city in Lyon County, Nevada, United States.

Q: What is Meireki?
A: was a after Jōō and before Manji.

Q: What is Screen Actors Guild?
A: The Screen Actors Guild (SAG) is an American labor union representing over 200,000 film and television principal performers and background performers worldwide.

Q: What is South Chicago, Chicago?
A: South Chicago, formerly known as Ainsworth, is one of the 77 well-defined community areas of Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is Greater Manchester?
A: Greater Manchester is a county in North West England.

Q: What is NUS?
A: NUS or Nus may refer to: * National University of Singapore * Nus, Aosta Valley, Italy * NUS, the product code used by Nintendo for Nintendo 64 hardware and software,.

Q: What is Sweyn Forkbeard?
A: Sweyn I, or Sweyn Forkbeard (17 April 963 - 3 February 1014) was King of Denmark from about 986-3rd February 1014, King of Norway (1000-1014) and King of England from 25 December 1013 to 3 February 1014.

Q: What is Pelago?
A: Pelago is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Q: What is Yi Yi?
A: Yi Yi () is a 2000 Taiwanese Japanese drama movie directed by Edward Yang and starring Wu Nien-jen, Elaine Jin, Kelly Lee, Jonathan Chang, Issey Ogata.

Q: What is Butler County, Kansas?
A: Butler County (county code BU) is a county in the southern part of the U.S.

Q: What is Cortez, Colorado?
A: Cortez is a Home Rule Municipality that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Montezuma County, Colorado.

Q: What is Flare star?
A: A flare star is a variable star that becomes very much brighter unpredictably for a few minutes at a time.

Q: What is Pas de Quatre?
A: (left), Marie Taglioni (center), Lucille Grahn (right back), and Fanny Cerrito (right front) in Pas de Quatre, London, 1845 Pas de Quatre is a romantic ballet with music by Cesare Pugni and choreography by Jules Perrot.

Q: What is Yitzhak Yosef?
A: Yitzhak Yosef, Hebrew: יצחק יוסף , (born January 16, 1952 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli Orthodox rabbi.

Q: What is Poisson point process?
A: A Poisson process is a stochastic process.

Q: What is Corsica?
A: Corsica is the fourth largest island in the Mediterranean Sea (after Sicily, Sardinia, and Cyprus).

Q: What is Neusoft?
A: Neusoft Corporation is a Chinese multinational provider of software engineering services.

Q: What is Richard Proenneke?
A: Richard Louis Proenneke, born on May 4, 1916, was an American self-taught naturalist, conservationist, writer, and wildlife photographer.

Q: What is Princess Iman bint Hussein bin Abdullah?
A: Princess Iman of Jordan (born August 3, 2024) is the first daughter of Crown Prince Hussein and Princess Rajwa.

Q: What is Hymn of Crimea?
A: The "Hymn of Crimea" is the anthem of Crimea, a disputed region of Ukraine, claimed by Russia since 2014.

Q: What is Linacre College, Oxford?
A: Linacre College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford.

Q: What is Rockhole frog?
A: The rockhole frog, Australian cross-banded tree frog or skipping frog (Litoria meiriana) is a small frog from Australia.

Q: What is Lewis Capaldi?
A: Lewis Marc Capaldi (born 7 October 1996) is a Scottish singer-songwriter and musician.

Q: What is Salmon Arm?
A: Salmon Arm is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia.

Q: What is Caterina Valente?
A: Caterina Valente (14 January 1931 – 9 September 2024) was a Italian singer, guitarist and dancer.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Confolens?
A: The arrondissement of Confolens is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

Q: What is TeleHit?
A: TeleHit is a Mexican cable/satellite television network.

Q: What is Beauty Behind the Madness?
A: Beauty Behind the Madness is the second studio album by the Weeknd.

Q: What is Fabián Alarcón?
A: Fabián Ernesto Alarcón Rivera (born April 14, 1947) was President of Ecuador from 6 February 1997 to 9 February 1997 and from February 11, 1997 to August 10, 1998.

Q: What is Olympe de Gouges?
A: Olympe de Gouges (; born Marie Gouze; 7 May 17483 November 1793) was a French activist, Balbrigan, France.

Q: What is First Battle of Rappahannock Station?
A: The First Battle of Rappahannock Station was a battle in the American Civil War on August 23, 1862, at Remington, Virginia, as part of the Northern Virginia Campaign.

Q: What is Cistercian?
A: The term Cistercian is used to refer to an order of Roman Catholic monks.

Q: What is Motherland Party (Azerbaijan)?
A: The Motherland Party () is a minister for social protection.

Q: What is Tate Donovan?
A: Tate Buckley Donovan (born September 25, 1963) is an American actor and director.

Q: What is Greater Boston?
A: Greater Boston is the metropolitan region of New England that includes the city of Boston and its surrounding areas.

Q: What is Kingman, Arizona?
A: Kingman is a city in and the county seat of Mohave County, Arizona, United States.

Q: What is Archibald MacLeish?
A: Archibald MacLeish (May 7, 1892 – April 20, 1982) was an American poet and writer.

Q: What is Vaivre-et-Montoille?
A: Vaivre-et-Montoille is a commune.

Q: What is Bess Armstrong?
A: Elizabeth Key "Bess" Armstrong (December 11, 1953) is an American actress.

Q: What is Bionic Tower?
A: The Bionic Tower was a visionary vertical city, a very large building designed for human home by Spanish architects Eloy Celaya, María Rosa Cervera and Javier Gómez.

Q: What is Denji Sentai Megaranger?
A: Denji Sentai Megaranger is a Japanese television series.

Q: What is Wreckage (Pearl Jam song)?
A: "Wreckage" is a 2024 song by alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the third single from their 12th studio album Dark Matter.

Q: What is Nicholas I of Montenegro?
A: Nikola I Petrović-Njegoš (; – 1 March 1921) was the ruler of Montenegro from 1860 to 1918.

Q: What is US Orléans?
A: Union Sportive Orléans Loiret Football is an French football club based in Orléans.

Q: What is San Fernando?
A: San Fernando might mean: *San Fernando, Chile, a city in Chile *San Fernando de Monte Cristi, a city in the Dominican Republic *San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca, a city in Argentina *San Fernando, Pampanga, a city in the Philippines.

Q: What is Glasgow Coma Scale?
A: Glasgow Coma Scale or GCS is a scale that is used to measure the consciousness of a person.

Q: What is Ali Hassan Mwinyi?
A: Ali Hassan Mwinyi (8 May 1925 &ndash; 29 February 2024) was a Tanzanian politician.

Q: What is Shrek SuperSlam?
A: Shrek SuperSlam is a 2005 fighting video game based on the Shrek franchise.

Q: What is West London Synagogue?
A: West London Synagogue is the oldest Reform synagogue located in London, England, United Kingdom.

Q: What is Patrick Vieira?
A: Patrick Vieira (born 23 June 1976) is a French professional football head coach and former player.

Q: What is Saschko Gawriloff?
A: Saschko Gawriloff (October 20, 1929) is a German violinist and violin teacher of Bulgarian descent.

Q: What is Maurice-Arthur-Alphonse Wemaere?
A: Maurice-Arthur-Alphonse Wemaere (1879&ndash;1956) was a French colonel who commanded the French 1st Cavalry Brigade during the Battle of Belgium and the Battle of France.

Q: What is Hodgepodge Lodge?
A: Hodgepodge Lodge is an American half-hour children's television series produced by the Maryland Center for Public Broadcasting and aired weekdays on PBS for 7 seasons and 1,114 episodes from February 10, 1970 to May 6, 1977.

Q: What is A7 autoroute?
A: The A7, also called l'autoroute du Soleil (Autoroute of the Sun) along with the A6 in French, is an autoroute (motorway) in France.

Q: What is Ambroise-Paré Hospital?
A: The Hôpital Ambroise-Paré is a hospital in the Boulogne-Billancourt, close to Paris.

Q: What is Employer Identification Number?
A: An EIN, or Employer Identification Number, is like a special number that the government gives to a business so it can be identified.

Q: What is Types of crushing machines?
A: Crushers are machines used to reduce the size of rocks, stones and ore.

Q: What is National Assembly (Venezuela)?
A: The National Assembly () is the de jure legislature for Venezuela that was first elected in 2000.

Q: What is Edie Adams?
A: Edith Elizabeth Enke, also known as Edie Adams (April 16, 1927 – October 15, 2008), was an American business woman, singer, actress and comedienne.

Q: What is The Three Daring Daughters?
A: The Three Daring Daughters (UK title: The Birds and the Bees) is a 1948 American musical movie directed by Fred M.

Q: What is Decimus Junius Silanus Torquatus?
A: Decimus Junius Silanus Torquatus (16 AD - 64 AD) was a senator in the Roman Empire.

Q: What is Morton, Minnesota?
A: Morton is a city in Renville County, Minnesota, United States.

Q: What is Hans Frank?
A: Hans Michael Frank (23 May 1900 – 16 October 1946) was a German lawyer.

Q: What is Apus (bird)?
A: Apus is a genus of birds in the family Apodidae.

Q: What is Léchelle, Pas-de-Calais?
A: Léchelle, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Q: What is László Kuncz?
A: László Kuncz (29 July 1957 – 6 December 2020) was a Hungary Kuncz died on 6 December 2020 at the age of 63.

Q: What is Humayun Saeed?
A: Humayun Saeed (born 27 July 1971) is a Pakistani actor and producer.

Q: What is Niggers in the White House?
A: "Niggers in the White House" was a racist poem that first appeared in many President Theodore Roosevelt, who was white.

Q: What is Half dollar?
A: The United States Half dollar is the largest US coin currently produced and in circulation measuring at 1.2 inches in diameter and 0.08 inches in thickness.

Q: What is Bürglen?
A: Bürglen can refer to several places in Switzerland: *Bürglen, Obwalden, a settlement in the municipality of Lungern in the canton of Obwalden *Bürglen, Thurgau *Bürglen, Uri, at the entrance of Schächental, start of the Klausen pass road *Bürglen (Albis), a mountain in the canton of Zurich.

Q: What is Division of Riverina?
A: The Division of Riverina is an Australian electoral division in the States and territories of Australia The division includes the cities of Wagga Wagga and Griffith and the towns of Coleambally, Coolamon, Gundagai, Hillston,Junee, Leeton, Narrandera, Temora, Tumut, Tumbarumba and West Wyalong, New South Wales.

Q: What is Antique (province)?
A: Antique (; ; ) is a province of the Philippines.

Q: What is Barcones?
A: Barcones is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Q: What is Moscow theater hostage crisis?
A: took the responsibility for the terrorist attack The Moscow theater hostage crisis (also known as the 2002 Nord-Ost siege) was a terrorist attack of the Dubrovka Theater by Chechen terrorists on 23 October 2002.

Q: What is Zwijndrecht, Netherlands?
A: Zwijndrecht is a municipality in the province South Holland in the Netherlands.

Q: What is Family Matters?
A: Family Matters is an American television series series which originated on ABC and CBS from September 22, 1989 to July 17, 1998.

Q: What is Madeleine Ngono Mani?
A: Madeleine Michèle Ngono Mani Epse Ongueme (born 16 October 1983), known as Madeleine Ngono Mani, is a Cameroonian football striker currently playing for Albi Croix in the French second tier.

Q: What is Maurizio Micheli?
A: Maurizio Micheli (born 3 February 1947) is an Italian actor.

Q: What is Peer Augustinski?
A: Peer Augustinski (June 25, 1940 – October 3, 2014) was a German actor and voice actor.

Q: What is 432 Park Avenue?
A: 432 Park Avenue is the world's tallest residential skyscraper, and the third tallest building in the United States.

Q: What is Evanna Lynch?
A: Evanna Patricia Lynch (born 16 August 1991) is an Irish actress.

Q: What is Trent Alexander-Arnold?
A: Trent John Alexander-Arnold (born 7 October 1998) is an English professional footballer.

Q: What is European Champion Clubs' Cup?
A: The Coupe des Clubs Champions Européens (European Champion Clubs' Cup), generally known in English as the European Cup, was the name of an annual football tournament organised by UEFA from 1955/56 to 1991/92.

Q: What is Cobalt(II) hydroxide?
A: Cobalt(II) hydroxide is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Japanophile?
A: A Japanophile is someone with Japanophilia, or someone with a strong interest in or love of Japanese people, culture, and history.

Q: What is Brown recluse spider?
A: The brown recluse spider (Loxosceles reclusa) is a timid but dangerous spider that lives in North America.

Q: What is Civil law?
A: Civil law, as a system of law, is different from common law, which is another system of law.

Q: What is Maloarkhangelsk?
A: Maloarkhangelsk () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia.

Q: What is Merdeka 118?
A: of the statesman as he chanted "Merdeka!" ('independence') seven times.

Q: What is Aarberg District?
A: The district of Aarberg is a district of the canton of Bern, Switzerland.

Q: What is Rabbi?
A: , a leading Rabbinical authority of Orthodox Judaism in the second half of the twentieth century.

Q: What is Ayarzaguena's tree frog?
A: The white-lipped tree frog or Ayarzaguena's tree frog (Tepuihyla edelcae) is a frog.

Q: What is George Frideric Handel?
A: George Frideric Handel (German: Georg Friedrich Händel) (23 February 1685 – 14 April 1759) was an German composer who went to live in England when he was a young man and later became a Baroque period, Bach and Handel’s music developed differently.

Q: What is Lescun?
A: Lescun is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Metro (newspaper)?
A: Metro is the most popular newspaper in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Datsik (musician)?
A: Datsik (real name: Troy Beetles) (born June 9, 1988 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian dubstep DJ and music producer.

Q: What is Laser printer?
A: A laser printer is a printer for computers.

Q: What is Lamborghini LM003?
A: The Lamborghini LM003 was a military vehicle.

Q: What is Valeriano Fano?
A: Valeriano Fano Morla (1924 – 1997) was a Cuban footballer.

Q: What is Tranmere Rovers F.C.?
A: Tranmere Rovers Football Club is an English football club.

Q: What is Musky rat-kangaroo?
A: The musky rat-kangaroo, Hypsiprymnodon moschatus, is a small marsupial species found in the rainforests of northeast Queensland, Australia.

Q: What is Corvette?
A: A corvette is a small, manageable and lightly armed war ship.

Q: What is Zhenyuanlong?
A: Zhenyuanlong is a genus of dromaeosaurid dinosaur from the Yixian Formation of Liaoning, China.

Q: What is Herstal?
A: Herstal is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

Q: What is Sangai Festival 2015?
A: The Sangai Festival 2015 of Manipur () was an annual cultural event held to showcase the rich traditions, culture, and natural beauty of the state.

Q: What is Platymantis cagayanensis?
A: The Platymantis cagayanensis is a frog.

Q: What is Bayreuth?
A: Bayreuth (German: [ˈbaɪ̯rɔʏ̯t] or [baɪ̯ˈrɔʏ̯t]; Upper Franconian: [ba(ː)ˈɾaɪ̯t]; Bavarian: Bareid; East Franconian: Baraid) is a town in northern Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Nedansjö?
A: Nedansjö is a Urban areas in Sweden Nedansjö is in the valley of the Ljung River.

Q: What is National Higher Education Entrance Examination?
A: The National Higher Education Entrance Examination, or the Gaokao, is the People's Republic of China's national-level university entrance exam.

Q: What is Albiano d'Ivrea?
A: Albiano d'Ivrea is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Q: What is Zdeněk Svěrák?
A: Zdeněk Svěrák (born 28th March 1936 in Prague) is best known as a Czech actor and writer.

Q: What is Westland?
A: Westland is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

Q: What is Issy Wong?
A: Isabelle Eleanor Chih Ming Wong (15 May 2002–) is an English cricketer who was born in Chelsea, London.

Q: What is Kirchberg, Saxony?
A: Kirchberg is a town in the rural district of Zwickau, Saxony, Germany.

Q: What is Apple pie?
A: An apple pie is a pie or tart filled with apples.

Q: What is Birthplace of Ronald Reagan?
A: The Birthplace of Ronald Reagan, also known as the Graham Building, is located in an apartment on the second floor of a late 19th-century commercial building in Tampico, Illinois, United States.

Q: What is Pasay?
A: Pasay, officially the City of Pasay (), is a city in Metro Manila, Philippines.

Q: What is Arden-Arcade, California?
A: Arden-Arcade is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sacramento County, California, United States.

Q: What is Collective unconscious?
A: Divine Comedy Illustrated by Botticelli By Carl Jung, underworld represents anxious aspect of collective unconscious in many cultures Collective unconscious refers to the things in the unconscious mind that are shared between beings of the same species.

Q: What is Moctar Ouane?
A: Moctar Ouane (born October 11, 1955) is a Malian diplomat and politician.

Q: What is Hermitage, Pennsylvania?
A: Hermitage is a city in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Q: What is Huangpu District?
A: Huangpu District (Chinese: 黄浦区), central urban district of Shanghai that is home to the city's government.

Q: What is IAR-99?
A: The IAR-99 is a military training jet aircraft.

Q: What is New Plymouth?
A: New Plymouth is the major city of the Taranaki Region on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand.

Q: What is Saint-Aignan-sur-Roë?
A: Saint-Aignan-sur-Roë is a commune of 926 people (1999).

Q: What is University of Durham?
A: The University of Durham is a university in the City of Durham in the north of England.

Q: What is IAI Kfir?
A: {| |} The Israel Aircraft Industries Kfir or IAI Kfir is an Israeli fighter-bomber aircraft.

Q: What is Denmark, South Carolina?
A: Denmark is a city in Bamberg County, South Carolina in the United States.

Q: What is Updown Court?
A: Updown Court is a 58 acre (23 hectare) estate in Surrey, England.

Q: What is Aminu Ado Bayero?
A: Aminu Ado Bayero (born 21 August 1961) is the 15th Fulani Emir of Kano from the Fulani Sullubawa clan.

Q: What is FN Herstal?
A: Fabrique Nationale de Herstal, also called Fabrique Nationale or FN, is a Belgian company that makes firearms.

Q: What is Edmund Jean Forstall?
A: Edmond Jean Forstall was a merchant then banker from New Orleans, Louisiana, from a prominent Louisiana Creole family through his mother, and Irish heritage on his father's side.

Q: What is Monasteries of San Millán de la Cogolla?
A: The monasteries of San Millán de Suso (6th century) and San Millán de Yuso (11th century) are two monasteries in the village of San Millán de la Cogolla, La Rioja (Spain) The first written text in spanish and euskera was found there in the book called “glosas Emilianenses”.This treasure is the reason why this place is part of the human patrimony.

Q: What is Putnam County, Florida?
A: Putnam County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is List of rivers of Montenegro?
A: This is a list of rivers in Montenegro: *Bijela *Bistrica *Bukovica *Bojana *Cijevna *Ćehotina *Grnčar *Ibar *Komarnica *Lim *Lješnica *Ljuboviđa *Ljuča *Mala rijeka *Morača *Mrtvica *Ospanica *Piva *Ribnica *Sitnica (Morača) *Šavnik *Tara *Trebišnjica *Veruša *Vrmoša *Zeta river Montenegro Montenegro.

Q: What is Cartoon Planet?
A: Cartoon Planet is a short lived spin-off of the Adult Swim program Space Ghost Coast to Coast.

Q: What is Florida Legislature?
A: The Florida Legislature is the legislature of the U.S.

Q: What is Historic counties of Wales?
A: The thirteen historic counties of Wales have been used for many purposes for hundreds of years.

Q: What is Rave On?
A: "Rave On" or sometimes known as "Rave On!" is a 1958 song by Buddy Holly.

Q: What is Radiometric dating?
A: , Sweden were dated at 600 AD using the Carbon–14 method on organic material found at the site.

Q: What is Willimantic, Connecticut?
A: Willimantic, Connecticut is a census-designated place and former city.

Q: What is Least concern?
A: Least concern is a term used by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to talk about living things that are not endangered.

Q: What is Marco Antônio (footballer, born 1951)?
A: Marco Antônio Feliciano (born February 6, 1951, in Santos), known as just Marco Antônio, is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Rosalind Knight?
A: Rosalind Knight (3 December 1933 – 19 December 2020) was an English actress.

Q: What is Citropsis?
A: Citropsis is a genus of flowering plants in the citrus family, Rutaceae.

Q: What is Turk Shahi–Arab conflicts?
A: The Turk Shahi–Arabs Conflictsa series of military conflicts fought between the forces of the Turk Shahi and the Arabs..

Q: What is Ace Hood?
A: Antoine Franklin McColister (born May 11, 1988), better known by his stage name Ace Hood, is an American rapper.

Q: What is Cathedral-Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar?
A: The Basilica–Cathedral of Our Lady of the Pillar () is a Roman Catholic church in Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.

Q: What is South Paris, Maine?
A: South Paris is a census-designated place (CDP) located within the town of Paris in Oxford County, Maine, in the United States.

Q: What is Anchorman?
A: Anchorman is a franchise of three US comedy movies directed by Adam McKay, produced by Judd Apatow and starring Will Ferrell, all co-produced by Apatow's production company Apatow Productions, two first by DreamWorks, and one last by Paramount Pictures.

Q: What is David Steele?
A: David Steele (born August 13, 1953 in Jacksonville, Florida) is an American sportscaster with the Orlando Magic.

Q: What is Amor Prohibido?
A: Amor Prohibido () is the name of Selena's fifth studio album.

Q: What is The Weinstein Company?
A: The Weinstein Company was an independent movie studio founded in March 2005 by brothers Bob and Harvey Weinstein after they left Miramax Films.

Q: What is Hampton Falls, New Hampshire?
A: Hampton Falls is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Q: What is Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020?
A: The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020 was the eightteenth edition of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest.

Q: What is Speculative execution?
A: In computer science, speculative execution is the execution of code, before being sure if the result will be needed.

Q: What is Attila Ladinszky?
A: Attila Ladinszky nicknamed Le Gitan (The Gypsy) (13 September 1949 &ndash; 14 May 2020) was a Hungarian football striker.

Q: What is Mahmood Rasooli?
A: Mahmood Rasooli (, born May 18, 1998, in Saveh) is an Iranian volleyball player who plays as an Outside hitter for the Iranian club Eefaseram Ardakan VC.

Q: What is Indiana's 6th congressional district?
A: Indiana's 6th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S.

Q: What is Zane Lowe?
A: Alexander Zane Reid Lowe (born 7 August 1973) is a New Zealand radio disc jockey in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Linda McMahon?
A: Linda Marie McMahon (née Edwards; born October 4, 1948) is an American professional wrestling magnate and politician who has been the 13th United States Secretary of Education since 2025.

Q: What is Breukelen?
A: Breukelen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht.

Q: What is Takashi Tsuboshima?
A: Takashi Tsuboshima (坪島孝, Tsuboshima Takashi, April 13, 1928 - August 12, 2007) was a Japanese film director.

Q: What is Nimbarka Ashram?
A: Nimbarka Ashram is located on Mirzajangal Road in Sylhet Division, Bangladesh.

Q: What is Chris Leck?
A: Chris Leck (born 21 May 1986 in Manchester, England) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership.

Q: What is Hardy, Iowa?
A: Hardy is a rural city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Olonne-sur-Mer?
A: Olonne-sur-Mer is a former commune.

Q: What is Damian D'Oliveira?
A: Damian Basil "Dolly" D'Oliveira (19 October 1960 &ndash; 29 June 2014) was a South African-born English cricketer.

Q: What is Direction – Social Democracy?
A: Direction – Social Democracy (commonly known as SMER) is a left-wing populist political party in Slovakia that is led by Prime Minister Robert Fico.

Q: What is Mengálvio?
A: Mengálvio Pedro Figueiró (born 17 December 1939) is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Thanamandi?
A: Thanamandi () is a town and a notified area committee in the Rajouri District of the Kashmir.

Q: What is Cerami?
A: Cerami is a comune in the Province of Enna in the Sicily region in southern Italy.

Q: What is California red-legged frog?
A: The California red-legged frog (Rana draytonii) is a semi-aquatic frog.

Q: What is Kim Dong-hyun (footballer, born 1984)?
A: Kim Dong-Hyun (born 20 May 1984) is a South Korean professional athlete.

Q: What is Romic alphabet?
A: The Romic Alphabet, sometimes callled the Romic Reform, is a system for writing down sounds proposed by Henry Sweet.

Q: What is Leon Fleisher?
A: Leon Fleisher (July 23, 1928 – August 2, 2020) was an American pianist and conductor.

Q: What is Robert Hale (bass-baritone)?
A: Robert Hale (August 22, 1938 – August 23, 2023) was an American opera singer and a bass-baritone, who at first spent a decade as a leading baritone at the New York City Opera.

Q: What is Anomaloglossus rufulus?
A: The Tepui poison frog or Chimantá poison frog (Anomaloglossus rufulus) is a frog.

Q: What is Dawn Fraser?
A: Dawn Fraser (born 4 September 1937) is an Australian champion swimmer.

Q: What is Jeremih?
A: Jeremy Phillip Felton (born July 17, 1987) known professionally as Jeremih is an American R&B singer.

Q: What is Freda Meissner-Blau?
A: Freda Meissner-Blau (March 11, 1927 &ndash; December 22, 2015) was an Austrian politician and activist.

Q: What is Ibrahim Shameel?
A: Ibrahim Shameel (born 14 October 1991) is a swimmer from the Maldives.

Q: What is Wendi McLendon-Covey?
A: Wendi Anne McLendon-Covey (born October 10, 1969 in Bellflower, California) is an American actress, comedienne, writer and producer.

Q: What is Lars Vogt?
A: Lars Vogt (8 September 1970 – 5 September 2022) was a German concert pianist and conductor.

Q: What is Claude Rains?
A: William Claude Rains (10 November 188930 May 1967) was a British-American actor.

Q: What is Deaths in September 2021?
A: The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in September 2021.

Q: What is Roy Carroll?
A: Roy Eric Carroll (born 30 September 1977) is a Northern Irish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

Q: What is Dick Taylor?
A: Richard Clifford Taylor (born 28 January 1943) is an English rock guitarist and pianist.

Q: What is Adam Berti?
A: Adam Berti (born July 1, 1986) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger.

Q: What is National Deep Fried Clams Day?
A: National Deep Fried Clams Day is a national holiday celebrating the process of deep frying and consuming clams.

Q: What is Polk County, Oregon?
A: Polk County is a county located in the U.S.

Q: What is Ray Thomas?
A: Raymond "Ray" Thomas (29 December 1941 – 4 January 2018) was an English musician.

Q: What is Chevrolet HHR?
A: The Chevrolet HHR (for Heritage High Roof) was a retro-styled station wagon.

Q: What is Crab pulsar?
A: and the Crab Pulsar (the red glowing dot in the center).

Q: What is St.-Pius-Gymnasium?
A: St.-Pius-Gymnasium is a catholic private highschool in Coesfeld near Münster in Germany.

Q: What is Mike Beebe?
A: Mickey Dale Beebe (better known as Mike Beebe; born December 28, 1946) is an American politician.

Q: What is Rahden?
A: Rahden is a town in Minden-Lübbecke in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Q: What is Lorisoidea?
A: Lorisoidea is a superfamily of Primates.

Q: What is It Won't Be Soon Before Long?
A: It Won't Be Soon Before Long is the second studio album by American pop rock group Maroon 5.

Q: What is Poubi Lai?
A: "Poubi Lai" also known as "Paubi Loi", was an ancient dragon python, who dwelled in the Loktak Lake of Manipur, in Meitei mythology and folklore.

Q: What is 1+1 International?
A: 1+1 International is an international TV channel aimed at the Ukrainian diaspora.

Q: What is Bashkardi language?
A: Bashkardi is a southwestern Iranian language spoken in the southeast of Iran in the provinces of Kerman, Sistan and Baluchestan, and Hormozgan.

Q: What is Assassination of Ismail Haniyeh?
A: On 31 July 2024, Ismail Haniyeh, the political leader of Hamas, was assassinated after going to the inauguration ceremony for Iranian president Masoud Pezeshkian in Tehran, Iran.

Q: What is Hans Günter Winkler?
A: Hans Günter Winkler (24 July 1926 – 9 July 2018) was a German show jumping rider.

Q: What is Teddy Kollek?
A: Theodor "Teddy" Kollek (; 27 May 1911 – 2 January 2007) was a Hungarian-born Israeli Labor politician.

Q: What is Sack of Bihar (1200)?
A: The Sack of Bihar in 1200 AD was a pivotal incident in the Ghurid conquest of the Indian subcontinent.

Q: What is Didynamipus?
A: Didynamipus is a genus in the Bufonidae family.

Q: What is United Arab Emirates Armed Forces?
A: The United Arab Emirates Armed Forces is the armed forces of the United Arab Emirates.

Q: What is When You're Looking Like That?
A: "When You're Looking Like That" is a 2001 song by Irish group Westlife and is the sixth and final single from their second studio album Coast to Coast.

Q: What is Sean Edwards?
A: Sean Lawrence Guy Edwards (6 December 1986 &ndash; 15 October 2013) was an English racing driver.

Q: What is John Tilley?
A: John Tilley (1571 - 1621) was a Mayflower passenger and one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact.

Q: What is Myztro?
A: Tshiamiso Sekowe is a South African DJ and music producer professionally known as Myztro, he rose to fame after the release of "Emcimbini", "Dipatje tsa Felo" and "66", the latter certified Multi-Platinum by the Recording Industry of South Africa (RiSA).

Q: What is Los Olvidados?
A: Los Olvidados (, Spanish for "The Forgotten Ones"), known in the U.S.

Q: What is Tatsiana Markevich?
A: Tatsiana Markevitch (born 25 March 1988) is a Belarusian female volleyball player, playing as a right side hitter.

Q: What is John Webster (British theologian)?
A: John Bainbridge Webster DD FRSE (20 June 1955 &ndash; 25 May 2016) was a British theologian of the Anglican Communion.

Q: What is 1991 Macedonian independence referendum?
A: An independence referendum happened in the Republic of Macedonia on 8 September 1991, which proclaimed independence from Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.

Q: What is Quack Pack?
A: Quack Pack is an animated Disney television series.

Q: What is Indonesia national under-20 football team?
A: The Indonesia national under-20 football team represents Indonesia in international football completions.

Q: What is Dixie, Louisiana?
A: Dixie is an unincorporated community in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Theloderma lacustrinum?
A: The lake bug-eyed frog (Theloderma lacustrinum) is a frog.

Q: What is Bible Belt?
A: The Bible Belt is term for a part of the United States in which many people believe in conservative Evangelicalism.

Q: What is Other Side of the World?
A: "Other Side of the World" is a 2005 song by KT Tunstall and is the opening track from her debut studio album Eye of the Telescope.

Q: What is McAlester, Oklahoma?
A: McAlester is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Q: What is South Fulton, Georgia?
A: South Fulton is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

Q: What is A Change Would Do You Good?
A: "A Change Would Do You Good" is a 1997 song by American country rock singer Sheryl Crow and taken from her 1996 self-titled album.

Q: What is June Foray?
A: June Foray (born June Lucille Forer; September 18, 1917 – July 26, 2017) was an American television, stage, radio, movie, and voice actress.

Q: What is Impressionist music?
A: The impressionist movement in music was a movement in Europen classical music.

Q: What is Cherifian Anthem?
A: The "Cherifian Anthem" (; ) is the national anthem of Morocco.

Q: What is Nymphaea nouchali?
A: , Andhra Pradesh Nymphaea nouchali, (or red and blue water-lily, blue star water-lily, or star lotus) is an aquatic flowering plant in the Nymphaeaceae (water-lily family).

Q: What is Vasili Berezutski?
A: Vasiliy Vladimirovich Berezutski (; born 20 June 1982) is a Russian football coach and a former player.

Q: What is Battlefield Earth (movie)?
A: Battlefield Earth is a 2000 American science fiction movie directed by Roger Christian and starring John Travolta, Barry Pepper, Forest Whitaker and Kelly Preston.

Q: What is Mutten?
A: Mutten () was a municipality of the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Q: What is Audio and video interfaces and connectors?
A: Audio connectors and video connectors are electrical or optical connectors that are used to carry audio and video signals.

Q: What is Säffle?
A: Säffle is an urban area in the county of Värmland in Sweden.

Q: What is Rajshree Thakur?
A: Rajshree Thakur (born 22 September 1981) is an Indian actress best known for her role as Saloni in the Hindi television drama Saat Phere: Saloni Ka Safar and Preeti Jindal in Shaadi Mubarak.

Q: What is Arab Winter?
A: During the Arab Winter there was a resurgence of authoritarianism, absolute monarchies and Islamic extremism.

Q: What is Roman Catholic Diocese of Balanga?
A: The Roman Catholic Diocese of Balanga (Latin: Dioecesis Balangensis) is a Roman Catholic diocese having jurisdiction in the province of Bataan, Philippines.

Q: What is Edouard van Beneden?
A: Edouard Joseph Marie Van Beneden (Leuven, 5 March 1846 – Liège, 28 April 1910), cytologist and marine biologist.

Q: What is North Atlantic oscillation?
A: The North Atlantic oscillation is a climatic phenomenon in the North Atlantic Ocean.

Q: What is Javier Usabiaga Arroyo?
A: Javier Bernardo Usabiaga Arroyo (20 August 1939 – 9 September 2018) was a Mexican businessman and politician.

Q: What is Social comparison theory?
A: Social comparison theory is based on the feelings or thoughts of a person who compare their social status ,achievements, happiness ,capability, intelligence and different aspects of live to other people who are living in the society.

Q: What is Tap changer?
A: A tap changer is a component of a transformer.

Q: What is Saverne?
A: Saverne is a commune in north-eastern France, in the Bas-Rhin department, of which it is a subprefecture.

Q: What is Luigi Bonazzi?
A: Luigi Bonazzi (19 June 1948 – 3 December 2025) was an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church.

Q: What is 15385 Dallolmo?
A: 15385 Dallolmo (1997 SP4) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 25, 1997 by the Osservatorio San Vittore at Bologna, Italy It is named after Umberto Dall'Olmo (1925-1980), who was an amateur astronomer with college degrees in both law and physics; who spent most of his time observing Jupiter and studying flare stars.

Q: What is Maiara Walsh?
A: Maiara Walsh (February 18, 1988) is a Brazilian-American actress.

Q: What is Aethelbald of Mercia?
A: Aethelbald (also spelled Æthelbald) (died 757) was a Mercian nobleman who became the King of Mercia.

Q: What is Olivier Dassault?
A: Olivier Dassault (1 June 1951 – 7 March 2021) was a French politician and businessman.

Q: What is 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Group G?
A: In the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, Group G is a part of the tournament where teams compete against each other.

Q: What is Philotheus Boehner?
A: Philotheus Boehner (February 17, 1901 – May 22, 1955), who was born as Heinrich Boehner, was a member of the Franciscan order and a very well respected medieval scholar.

Q: What is Andriy?
A: Andriy or Andrii is the Ukrainian form of a masculine given name.

Q: What is Laurent Vimont?
A: Jean-Charles Laurent Vimont (7 February 1961 – 11 March 2022) was a French businessman.

Q: What is Fluorite?
A: Fluorite is the mineral form of calcium fluoride.

Q: What is Edirne?
A: Edirne (formerly Adrianople) is a city in the northwestern Turkish province of Edirne in the region of East Thrace, close to Turkey's borders with Greece and Bulgaria.

Q: What is Body thetan?
A: In Scientology, body thetans are immortal spirits of aliens killed by Xenu which put themselves inside the bodies of humans and cause them bad emotions and mental illness.

Q: What is Sergeant Bluff, Iowa?
A: Sergeant Bluff is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is M postcode area?
A: The M postcode area, also known as the Manchester postcode area, is a group of lots of postal districts in Greater Manchester, England.

Q: What is Ngila Dickson?
A: Ngila Dickson (born 1958) is a costume designer from New Zealand.

Q: What is William Raborn?
A: William Francis Raborn, Jr., (June 8, 1905 &ndash; March 6, 1990) was the United States Director of Central Intelligence from April 28, 1965 to June 30, 1966.

Q: What is West Burlington, Iowa?
A: West Burlington is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Supreme Leader Snoke?
A: Supreme Leader Snoke is a fictional character and a major antagonist in the Star Wars franchise.

Q: What is Mario Tennis Aces?
A: Mario Tennis Aces is a tennis video game for the Nintendo Switch.

Q: What is George Turner (artist)?
A: George Turner (2 April 1841 – 29 Mar 1910) was an English landscape artist and farmer.

Q: What is Riddle Box?
A: Riddle Box is the third studio album by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse.

Q: What is Des Moines metropolitan area?
A: The Des Moines metropolitan area, or the Des Moines—West Des Moines Regional Area, is the largest area overall in the U.S.

Q: What is Himyarite Kingdom?
A: The Himyarite Kingdom was an ancient state located in the southern highlands of Yemen.

Q: What is Konstantinos Stephanopoulos?
A: Konstantinos "Kostis" Stephanopoulos (, August 15, 1926 &ndash; November 20, 2016) was a Greece Stephanopoulos died at a hospital in Athens, Greece on November 20, 2016 from pneumonia, aged 90.

Q: What is COVID-19 pandemic in South Carolina?
A: The COVID-19 pandemic first entered South Carolina in March 2020.

Q: What is Liverpool, New York?
A: Liverpool is a lakeside village in Onondaga County, New York (state) The village is on Onondaga Lake, in the western part of the town of Salina and is northwest of Syracuse, of which it is a suburb.

Q: What is Fanconi anemia?
A: Fanconi anemia (FA) is a rare genetic disorder.

Q: What is Algee Smith?
A: Algee Smith (born November 7, 1994) is an American actor and singer.

Q: What is Autonomous University of Barcelona?
A: The Autonomous University of Barcelona (also known as UAB) is a public university of Spain created in 1968 and located in Bellaterra, Sardanyola del Vallés, Catalonia.

Q: What is Karl Barry Sharpless?
A: Karl Barry Sharpless (born April 28, 1941) is an American chemist and Nobel Laureate in 2001 and 2022.

Q: What is Spencer Abraham?
A: Spencer Abraham (born June 12, 1952) is an American politician.

Q: What is Federal Ministry of the Interior (Germany)?
A: The Ministry of the Interior of Germany is a ministry of the federal government.

Q: What is Battle of Britain (movie)?
A: Battle of Britain is a 1969 British Second World War movie directed by Guy Hamilton, and produced by Harry Saltzman and S.

Q: What is Varinder Singh?
A: Varinder Singh (16 May 1947 &ndash; 28 June 2022) was an Indian field hockey player.

Q: What is Columbiana, Ohio?
A: Columbiana is a city in Columbiana and Mahoning Counties in the U.S.

Q: What is Lee Zeldin?
A: Lee Michael Zeldin (born January 30, 1980) is an American attorney, Republican politician, and officer in the United States Army Reserve who has been the 17th and current Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency since 2025 under the second Donald Trump administration.

Q: What is José Antonio Mari Alcaraz?
A: José Antonio Mari Alcaraz (born October 23, 1988 in Valencia) is a swimmer from Spain.

Q: What is This Love of Ours?
A: This Love of Ours is a 1945 American romantic drama movie directed by William Dieterle and was based on a play by Luigi Pirandello.

Q: What is Riquelme (footballer, born January 2006)?
A: Riquelme Reis de Almeida de Jesus dos Santos (born January 7, 2006) is a Brazilian footballer.

Q: What is Cadet (rapper)?
A: Blaine Cameron Johnson (2 March 1990 – 9 February 2019), known professionally as Cadet, was an English rapper.

Q: What is Puntarenas Province?
A: Puntarenas is a province of Costa Rica.

Q: What is Elias Nilsson?
A: Elias Nilsson (born 1 April 1910 in Stugun, Sweden, died 9 November 2001 in Lit, Sweden) was a Swedish cross-country skier.

Q: What is ISO 3166-2?
A: FM: ISO 3166-2:FM is a standard code for Micronesia in ISO 3166-2, It's part of the ISO 3166 standard by the International Organization for Standardization.

Q: What is Discovering the Waterfront?
A: Discovering the Waterfront is the second full-length album by the band Silverstein.

Q: What is Predatory fish?
A: preying on a smaller fish Predatory fish are fish that actively prey upon other fish or aquatic animals.

Q: What is Florida, Buenos Aires?
A: Florida is a city in the Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.

Q: What is Bitter almond cookie?
A: Bitter almond cookie () is a traditional Turkish cookie.

Q: What is LGBT rights in Jordan?
A: Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) individuals in Jordan face legal challenges and discrimination not experienced by non-LGBT persons.

Q: What is Don't ask, don't tell?
A: Don't ask, don't tell was a rule of the United States Military.

Q: What is Eddie Deezen?
A: Edward Harry Deezen (born March 6, 1957 in Cumberland, Maryland) is an American actor and comedian.

Q: What is Carrie DelRosso?
A: Carrie Lewis DelRosso (born September 10, 1975) is an American politician and businesswoman.

Q: What is Atanas Skatov?
A: Atanas Georgiev Skatov (; born Atanas Georgiev Dimitrov; 11 March 1978 – 5 February 2021) was a Bulgarian mountaineer, vegan, agronomist in plant protection, entomologist, and ecologist.

Q: What is Betschwanden?
A: Betschwanden is a former municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

Q: What is Bow echo?
A: Bow echo is a term for mesoscale convective system which is shaped like an archer's bow when shown on radar.

Q: What is Stellar black hole?
A: A stellar black hole (or stellar-mass black hole) is a type of black hole formed by the gravitational collapse of a star.

Q: What is List of country musicians from Arizona?
A: :Pages appear in : musicians from Arizona This is a list of famous country musicians from Arizona, USA.

Q: What is Black-hooded antshrike?
A: The black-hooded antshrike (Thamnophilus bridgesi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.

Q: What is Vybz Kartel?
A: Adidja Azim Palmer (born 7 January 1976) better known as Vybz Kartel, is a Jamaican dancehall musician.

Q: What is Canada convoy protest?
A: Freedom Convoy () was a protest in Canada against COVID-19 vaccine requirements for truckers to re-enter the country by land.

Q: What is Vivian Stanshall?
A: Vivian Anthony Stanshall (born on the 21st of March 1943 – died on the 5th of March 1995) was an English singer-songwriter, musician, author and poet, best known for his work with the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band.

Q: What is Deaths in May 2019?
A: The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in May 2019.

Q: What is Zdeno Chára?
A: Zdeno Chára (born March 18, 1977 in Trenčín, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional ice hockey defenseman.

Q: What is Balaur?
A: specimen, showing the double sickle claws very clearly Balaur is a genus of dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaur that lived in southern Europe during the Upper Cretaceous, about 70 million years ago.

Q: What is Voiced alveolar lateral affricate?
A: The voiced alveolar lateral affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages.

Q: What is Let's Have Another Party?
A: "Let's Have Another Party" is a 1954 ragtime medley which became a number one hit in the UK Singles Chart for the pianist Winifred Atwell.

Q: What is Clive Burr?
A: Clive Ronald Burr (8 March 1957 – 12 March 2013) was an English drummer.

Q: What is Rotating furnace?
A: A rotating furnace is a special type of furnace used to make lenses or mirrors for telescopes.

Q: What is Catch That Kid?
A: Catch That Kid! is a 2004 American criminal comedy movie.

Q: What is International Exhibition of Nothing?
A: International Exhibition of Nothing (Esposizione internazionale del Niente) was a modern art and conceptual movement which originated in Italy in the early 20th century.

Q: What is Saint-Victoret?
A: Saint-Victoret is a commune of 6,530 people (2007).

Q: What is Purple Heart?
A: The Purple Heart is a United States military decoration.

Q: What is Mongoloid (race)?
A: Mongoloid was a word for a person from East Asia, Southeast Asia, the Arctic, the Americas or the Pacific Islands.

Q: What is Denis Gankin?
A: Denis Gankin is a Kazakhstani archer.

Q: What is Makes No Sense at All?
A: "Makes No Sense at All" is a 1985 song by American punk rock band Hüsker Dü.

Q: What is Welcome to the Dollhouse?
A: Welcome to the Dollhouse is an American 1995 teen comedy movie.

Q: What is Lea Ahlborn?
A: Lea Fredrika Ahlborn (née Lundgren) (18 February 1826 – 13 November 1897) was a famous Swedish artist.

Q: What is Guido de Marco?
A: Guido de Marco KUOM (22 July 1931&nbsp;– 12 August 2010) was a Maltese politician.

Q: What is Tiwi Islands?
A: image of the Tiwi Islands The Tiwi Islands are a group of islands part of the Northern Territory, Australia.

Q: What is Hideaway?
A: Hideaway is a 1995 melodramatic horror movie.

Q: What is Teuku Iskandar?
A: Teuku Iskandar was an Indonesian scholar, literary critic, lexicographer, historian, and nobleman.

Q: What is Oiva Toikka?
A: Oiva Kalervo Toikka (29 May 1931 – 22 April 2019) was a Finnish glass designer.

Q: What is Brent Renaud?
A: Brent Anthony Renaud (October 2, 1971 – March 13, 2022) was an American journalist, documentary filmmaker, and photojournalist.

Q: What is Mickey's Polo Team?
A: Mickey's Polo Team is a 1936 American animated short movie.

Q: What is Colombia women's national under-17 football team?
A: The Colombia women's under 17 national team represents Colombia in youth internationals.

Q: What is Veselé, Czech Republic?
A: Veselé () is a municipality and village in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.

Q: What is Oleg Salenko?
A: Oleg Salenko (born 25 October 1969) is a former Ukrainian-Russian football player.

Q: What is Cutaway?
A: A cutaway in movieing is a camera shot that interrupts the program.

Q: What is Crown Prince of the Republic?
A: Crown Prince of the Republic () is a 1934 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eduard Ioganson.

Q: What is Thalassodromeus?
A: Thalassodromeus was a pterosaur found in northern Brazil.

Q: What is Ion Voinescu?
A: Ion "Țop" Voinescu (18 April 1929 – 9 March 2018) was a Romanian footballer.

Q: What is Aída Román?
A: Aída Nabila Román Arroyo (born May 21, 1988) is a Mexican archer.

Q: What is Pakalitha Mosisili?
A: Bethuel Pakalitha Mosisili (born 14 March 1945) is a former Mosotho politician.

Q: What is Andrzej Sapkowski?
A: Andrzej Sapkowski (born June 21, 1948 in Łódź) is a Polish fantasy writer.

Q: What is Phyllis Newman?
A: Phyllis Newman (March 19, 1933 – September 15, 2019) was an American actress, activist and singer.

Q: What is David DeLuise?
A: David Dominick DeLuise (born November 11, 1971) is an American actor and TV director.

Q: What is Flag of Trujillo, Peru?
A: The flag of Trujillo () It is colored white and the coat of arms in the center.

Q: What is Gjemnes?
A: Gjemnes is a municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.

Q: What is Strut (Sheena Easton song)?
A: "Strut" is a 1984 song by Scottish singer Sheena Easton.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Bellac?
A: The arrondissement of Bellac is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

Q: What is Human rights in Yemen?
A: Human rights in Yemen are seen as problematic in numerous ways.

Q: What is Interstate 82?
A: Interstate 82 (sometimes called I-82) is a long Interstate Highway in the states of Washington and Oregon.

Q: What is Assemini?
A: Assemini (Assèmini) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is BC Transit?
A: BC Transit is a transit company run by the British Columbian government that gives bus services to many towns and areas in the province.

Q: What is Mission to Mars?
A: Mission to Mars is a 2000 American Canadian French science fiction adventure movie directed by Brian De Palma and was based on the Disney's theme park of the same name.

Q: What is Bill Campbell (baseball)?
A: William Richard Campbell was an American baseball player who played as a pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1973 to 1987.

Q: What is Theoretical computer science?
A: Theoretical computer science is the study of mathematics and computer science related to the theory of computation and formal methods.

Q: What is Ice hockey?
A: Ice hockey is a sport that is played by two teams on ice.

Q: What is Russell Ebert?
A: Russell Frank Ebert (22 June 1949 – 5 November 2021) was an Australian rules footballer and coach.

Q: What is Sun Ra?
A: Le Sony'r Ra (born Herman Poole Blount, May 22, 1914 – May 30, 1993), better known as Sun Ra, was an American jazz composer, bandleader, piano, synthesizer player, and poet.

Q: What is Administrator?
A: Administrators or admins are people who organize things like businesses.

Q: What is Arjun?
A: The Warrior Prince: Arjun: The Warrior Prince is an Indian animated movie.

Q: What is Sulzbach am Main?
A: Sulzbach am Main (officially Sulzbach a.Main) is a market municipality in the Miltenberg district in the Lower Franconia region in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Tyla Nathan-Wong?
A: Tyla Nathan-Wong (born 1 July 1994) is a New Zealand professional rugby sevens representative and two-time Olympic medalist.

Q: What is Patrick Roy?
A: Patrick Jacques Roy, (born October 5, 1965, in Sainte-Foy, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadians Patrick Roy is the current head coach of the Colorado Avalanche, as of May 23, 2013.

Q: What is Maluma?
A: Juan Luis Londoño Arias (born 28⁸ January 1994), known professionally as Maluma, is a Colombian singer.

Q: What is Vieux-Charmont?
A: Vieux-Charmont () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Q: What is Telling You?
A: Telling You, also known as Love Sucks, is a 1998 romantic comedy movie directed by Robert DeFranco and starring Peter Facinelli, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Matthew Lillard, Judge Reinhold and Dash Mihok.

Q: What is Vincent C. Gray?
A: Vincent Condol Gray (born November 8, 1942) is an American politician.

Q: What is Le Temple, Gironde?
A: Le Temple, Gironde is a commune.

Q: What is Imre Furmen?
A: Imre Furmen (14 August 1933 &ndash; 5 February 2021) was a Hungarian cyclist.

Q: What is Georgian?
A: Georgian might mean *Anything related to Georgia (country) **Georgian language ***Georgian alphabet **Georgian people *Anything related to Georgia (U.S.

Q: What is Tony Hiller?
A: Anthony Toby Hiller (30 July 1927 – 26 August 2018) was an British songwriter and record producer.

Q: What is Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe (album)?
A: Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe is the only studio album by English progressive rock band Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe.

Q: What is Obstetrics and gynaecology?
A: are a set of manoevres to determine the position of the fetus inside the womb.

Q: What is River Shannon?
A: The River Shannon is the longest river in Ireland.

Q: What is Harry Black and the Tiger?
A: Harry Black and the Tiger is a 1958 British adventure movie directed by Hugo Fregonese and was based on the novel Harry Black by David Walker.

Q: What is Conservative Party of New York State?
A: The Conservative Party of New York State is a political party founded in 1962.

Q: What is Maizières-lès-Brienne?
A: Maizières-lès-Brienne is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France.

Q: What is Suppression?
A: Suppression is the restraint or repression of an idea, activity, or reaction by something more powerful, and the conscious inhibition of unacceptable memories, impulses, or desires.

Q: What is Minimax?
A: Minimax is a traditional machine learning algorithm that is used by computers to play strategic games.

Q: What is Fred Morrison (American football)?
A: Fred Lew "Curly" Morrison (October 7, 1926 – November 15, 2020) was an American football player and executive.

Q: What is Brovary?
A: Brovary (, ; before 1969 known as Brovari) is a city in Kyiv Oblast (Region) in northern Ukraine, an eastern suburb of the country's capital, Kyiv.

Q: What is Of Love and Other Demons (movie)?
A: Of Love and Other Demons () is a 2009 Costa Rican Colombian drama movie directed by Hilda Hidalgo and based on the novel of the same name by Gabriel García Márquez.

Q: What is Seal of the president of the United States?
A: The seal of the president of the United States is used to mark correspondence from the president of the United States to the U.S.

Q: What is Immortals (2011 movie)?
A: Immortals is a 2011 American adventure-fantasy movie directed by Tarsem Singh.

Q: What is University Park, Texas?
A: University Park is a city in Dallas County, Texas, United States.

Q: What is Bernard Marcus?
A: Bernard "Bernie" Marcus (May 12, 1929 &ndash; November 4, 2024) was an American businessman.

Q: What is United States House Committee on Ways and Means?
A: The Committee on Ways and Means is the chief tax-writing committee of the United States House of Representatives.

Q: What is Weddell seal?
A: The Weddell seal (Leptonychotes weddellii) is a seal that is common in Antarctica.

Q: What is Ōarai Isosaki Shrine?
A: The Ōarai Isosaki Shrine (大洗磯前神社, Ōarai Isosaki jinja) is a Shinto shrine located in Ōarai City, Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan.

Q: What is Harve Presnell?
A: George Harvey Presnell (September 14, 1933 – June 30, 2009) was an American actor and singer.

Q: What is New College of Florida?
A: New College of Florida is a public liberal arts college in Sarasota, Florida, in the United States.

Q: What is European Shooting Championships?
A: The European Shooting Championships are the global sport shooting European championships as regards the disciplines of the sport shooting.

Q: What is The Queen of Babylon?
A: La cortigiana di Babilonia (English title: Queen of Babylon) is a 1954 Italian action drama movie directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia and starring Rhonda Fleming, Ricardo Montalbán, Roldano Lupi, Carlo Ninchi, Tamara Lees.

Q: What is Connect Music Festival?
A: The Connect Music Festival is a music festival that takes place at Inveraray Castle, on the banks of Loch Fyne in Argyll, Scotland.

Q: What is Puchheim?
A: Puchheim is a town near Munich in Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is New Found Glory?
A: New Found Glory (used to be A New Found Glory) is an American rock band from Coral Springs, Florida.

Q: What is Tom Higgins (rock climber)?
A: Thomas John Higgins (November 7, 1944 – March 21, 2018) was an American rock climber.

Q: What is Harrisville, Utah?
A: Harrisville is a city in Weber County, Utah, United States.

Q: What is Yaverland?
A: Yaverland is a village on the Isle of Wight, just north of Sandown.

Q: What is Hardcore hip hop?
A: Hardcore hip hop (or Hardcore rap) is a form of hip hop that originated in the East Coast hip hop scene.

Q: What is The Bitter Tea of General Yen?
A: The Bitter Tea of General Yen is a 1933 American romantic drama movie directed by Frank Capra and was based on the 1930 novel of the same name by Grace Zaring Stone.

Q: What is Decade of Roma Inclusion?
A: The Decade of Roma Inclusion (Romani: Deshbersh le Romengo Anderyaripnasko) was an initiative of 12 European countries to improve the socio-economic status and social inclusion of the Romani people across Europe.

Q: What is Old Hill, Connecticut?
A: Old Hill is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Q: What is Flight of Fear?
A: Flight of Fear is an enclosed roller coaster located at Kings Island and Kings Dominion.

Q: What is History of Europe?
A: in 1595 The history of Europe means all the time since the beginning of written records in the European continent up to the present day.

Q: What is Lulism?
A: Lulism is a political ideology that supports social movements and the Workers' Party led by President of Brazil While supporting socialism, Lulism is more of a social democratic movement that wants to close the gaps between the rich and the poor in a market.

Q: What is Mrinal Sen?
A: Mrinal Sen (also spelled Mrinal Shen, 14 May 1923 &ndash; 30 December 2018) was an Indian filmmaker.

Q: What is Matiari?
A: Matiari () is the capital city of Matiari District, Sindh, Pakistan, This was founded by the Kazmi Syed Family which migrated from Herat, Afghanistan to first Hala kundi and then Matiari, they bought major agricultural lands here and made it into a big town.

Q: What is Make Way for Noddy?
A: Make Way for Noddy is a British CGI children's musical computer-animated television series by Enid Blyton.

Q: What is Vinnytsia Oblast?
A: Vinnytsia Oblast () is an oblast (province) of western Ukraine.

Q: What is Crézançay-sur-Cher?
A: Crézançay-sur-Cher is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France.

Q: What is The Gabba?
A: The Brisbane Cricket Ground, commonly known as the Gabba, is a major sports stadium in Brisbane, the capital of Queensland, Australia.

Q: What is Joseph Engelberger?
A: Joseph Frederick Engelberger (July 26, 1925 &ndash; December 1, 2015) was an American physicist, engineer and entrepreneur.

Q: What is Devizes (UK Parliament constituency)?
A: Devizes is a constituency of the UK Parliament.

Q: What is Theo-Ben Gurirab?
A: Theo-Ben Gurirab (23 January 1938 – 14 July 2018) was a Namibian politician.

Q: What is Novichok?
A: The name Novichok is used for a number of chemical compounds that have been used as nerve agents (similar to nerve gas) from the 1970s to at least the 1990s in the Soviet Union.

Q: What is High Desert Museum?
A: The High Desert Museum is a museum of wildlife, history, and art.

Q: What is The Proud Family?
A: Louder and Prouder: The Proud Family: Louder and Prouder is an American animated television series.

Q: What is Resident Evil 3?
A: Nemesis (1999 video game): Resident Evil 3: Nemesis is a 1999 survival horror video game that is the third main entry of the Resident Evil franchise.

Q: What is Legolas?
A: Legolas is a The Lord of the Rings character created by J.

Q: What is Vendresse-Beaulne?
A: Vendresse-Beaulne is a commune.

Q: What is Okeanid?
A: The Okeanids or Okeanides () are the daughters of the Titans Okeanos and Tethys in Greek mythology.

Q: What is Contes, Pas-de-Calais?
A: Contes, Pas-de-Calais is a commune.

Q: What is Columbia University?
A: Columbia University (officially Columbia University in the City of New York) is a research university in the United States.

Q: What is Ketchapp?
A: Ketchapp is an French video game company that specializes in mobile games.

Q: What is 2014 UEFA Champions League final?
A: The 2014 UEFA Champions League final was the last match of the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League, a top European football tournament.

Q: What is List of programs broadcast by Nick Jr. (block)?
A: This is a list of television programs currently or formerly broadcast on Nickelodeon's morning block, Nick Jr.

Q: What is University of Wisconsin System?
A: The University of Wisconsin System is the main public higher education system of the U.S.

Q: What is Dick Leitsch?
A: Richard Joseph Leitsch (May 11, 1935 – June 22, 2018), also known as Richard Valentine Leitsch and more commonly Dick Leitsch, was an American LGBT rights activist.

Q: What is Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck?
A: Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck (born 21 February 1980) is the son of Jigme Singye Wangchuck and the 5th and current reigning Dragon King (Druk Gyalpo) of the Kingdom of Bhutan.

Q: What is Belize Barrier Reef?
A: The Belize Barrier Reef is a series of coral reefs.

Q: What is FC Metalist 1925 Kharkiv?
A: Football Club Metalist 1925 Kharkiv is a professional football club from Kharkiv, Ukraine.

Q: What is Adderall?
A: Amphetamine mixed salts (also known as amphetamine and dextroamphetamine mixed salts, amphetamine salt combo, or simply amphetamine salts) is a medication used to help attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and narcolepsy.

Q: What is I Go to Sleep?
A: "I Go to Sleep" is a 1965 song by The Kinks and has been covered by numerous artists including The Pretenders in 1981 where it went to number 6 in Belgium, number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in the Netherlands and number 28 in New Zealand.

Q: What is Shirtdress?
A: A shirtdress is a style of dress which borrows details from a boy's-man's dress shirt.

Q: What is Les Clark?
A: Leslie James Clark (November 17, 1907 - September 12, 1979) is an American animator and the first Disney's Nine Old Men.

Q: What is Rolands Kalniņš?
A: Rolands Kalniņš (7 May 1922 – 17 May 2022) was a Latvian movie director, screenwriter and producer.

Q: What is Forest Glen, Chicago?
A: Forest Glen is one of the 77 official city community areas of Chicago, Illinois, located on the city's Northwest Side.

Q: What is Women in prison movie?
A: Women in prison movies (often shortened to WIP) are a kind of exploitation movie.

Q: What is The Ice Sports Forum?
A: The Ice Sports Forum is the official practicing ice area of the National Hockey League's Tampa Bay Lightning.

Q: What is Declan Donnelly?
A: Declan Joseph Oliver Donnelly (born 25 September 1975) is a British television presenter, television producer, former singer, rapper, comedian and actor.

Q: What is Paso Mayor Train Station?
A: Paso Mayor Train Station is a train station in the municipality of Coronel Rosales, in the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Q: What is Arp Schnitger?
A: Arp Schnitger (born 2 July 1648; buried 28 July 1719) was a German builder of pipe organs.

Q: What is Vimartin-sur-Orthe?
A: Vimartin-sur-Orthe is a commune of 1,121 people (2018).

Q: What is Red Grange?
A: Harold Edward "Red" Grange (June 13, 1903 – January 28, 1991) was an American football halfback and actor that played in the National Football League (NFL) for 9 seasons.

Q: What is Dip slope?
A: to the rock layers are dip slopes A Dip slope is the geological formation of tilted strata.

Q: What is Youth suicide?
A: When someone who is not yet an adult decides to end his or her own life, this is called youth suicide.

Q: What is Mohammad Hamid Ansari?
A: Mohammad Hamid Ansari (born 1 April 1937) is an Indian politician.

Q: What is Canoe.com?
A: Canoe.com is an English-language Canadian portal site and website network.

Q: What is Interregnum?
A: An interregnum is a period between monarchs, between popes of the Roman Catholic Church, Papal States, and Vatican City, emperors of Holy Roman Empire, Polish kings (elective monarchy) or between consuls of the Roman Republic.

Q: What is Mehmed II?
A: Mehmed II (; , ; 30 March 14323 May 1481), commonly known as Mehmed the Conqueror (; ), was an Ottoman sultan who ruled from August 1444 to September 1446, and then later from February 1451 to May 1481.

Q: What is Arjuna River?
A: Arjuna River is a river flowing in the Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

Q: What is Iron(II) hydroxide?
A: Iron(II) hydroxide is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Israeli war crimes in the Gaza war?
A: Since the Gaza war began on October 7, 2023, Israel has been accused of committing war crimes.

Q: What is Thomas Spurgeon?
A: Thomas Spurgeon (20 September 1856–October 1917) was a British Reformed Baptist preacher.

Q: What is The Mars Volta?
A: The Mars Volta is a rock band from El Paso, Texas formed by Omar Rodríguez-López and Cedric Bixler-Zavala.

Q: What is Wolfgang Paul (footballer)?
A: Wolfgang Paul (; born 25 January 1940 in Olsberg, Province of Westphalia) is a German former football player.

Q: What is Arthur Meighen?
A: Arthur Meighen (; 16 June 1874 – 5 August 1960) was a Canadian lawyer and politician who served as the tenth prime minister of Canada, in office from July 1920 to December 1921 and again as the twelfth prime minister from June to September 1926.

Q: What is Shōjo?
A: Shōjo (少女) is a Japanese word meaning "girl".

Q: What is Michael Jagmin?
A: Michael "Jag" Jagmin (born May 12, 1985) is an American singer-songwriter and musician.

Q: What is New Valley Governorate?
A: New Valley Governorate is a governorate in Egypt.

Q: What is Socrate Safo?
A: Socrate Safo is a director and filmmaker from Ghana.

Q: What is Hambach Festival?
A: but with the colours in a different order.

Q: What is Dick McAuliffe?
A: Richard John "Dick" McAuliffe (November 29, 1939 &ndash; May 13, 2016) was an American Professional baseball McAuliffe died on May 13, 2016 in Farmington, Connecticut after suffering a stroke and Alzheimer's disease, aged 76.

Q: What is The New Zealand Story?
A: The New Zealand Story is a video game released by the Taito Corporation in 1988.

Q: What is Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades?
A: The Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades () originally called the Red Eagle Brigade or sometimes as the Popular Resistance Forces is the armed wing of the Marxist-Leninist, Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) in the Palestinian territories (the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem).

Q: What is Magnitude?
A: Magnitude could mean: *Magnitude (mathematics), a measure of the size of a mathematical object.

Q: What is Group velocity?
A: Group velocity is often considered to be the wave velocity at which information travels.

Q: What is Mozzarella?
A: were mozzarella is commonly used.

Q: What is Stephen Furst?
A: Yrufter Furst (May 8, 1954 &ndash; June 16, 2017) was an American actor.

Q: What is Mars?
A: Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun and the second-smallest planet in the Solar System, nicknamed The Red Planet.

Q: What is Coral bleaching?
A: Coral bleaching&nbsp;occurs when stony corals turn white.

Q: What is Esha Oza?
A: Esha Rohit Oza (born 1 August 1998) is an Emirati cricketer.

Q: What is Michel del Castillo?
A: Michel Janicot del Castillo (2 August 1933 – 17 December 2024) was a Spanish-born French writer.

Q: What is Ray Rogers (politician)?
A: Nolan Ray Rogers (July 3, 1931 &ndash; December 18, 2020) was an American Republican politician and businessman.

Q: What is Tan Howe Liang?
A: Tan Howe Liang, (; 5 May 1933 – 3 December 2024) was a Chinese-born Singaporean Olympic weightlifter.

Q: What is Terence Crawford?
A: Terence Allan Crawford (born September 28, 1987) is an American professional boxer.

Q: What is Louise Bourgeois?
A: sculpture at the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao Louise Joséphine Bourgeois (25 December 1911 – 31 May 2010) was a French-American artist.

Q: What is Mount Gambier?
A: Mount Gambier is a city in the state of South Australia.

Q: What is Jimmy Cefalo?
A: James Carmen Cefalo (born October 6, 1956) is an American sportscaster and newscaster.

Q: What is Kevin Systrom?
A: Kevin Systrom (born December 30, 1983) is an Dutch entrepreneur and programmer.

Q: What is República (Nepalese newspaper)?
A: The República is a national daily newspaper in Nepal.

Q: What is Watatsumi?
A: Watatsumi is a legendary deity, dragon, and protector of water in Japanese mythology.

Q: What is Parliament (band)?
A: Parliament was an American funk and soul group from the United States.

Q: What is List of truck types?
A: This List of truck types is intended to classify trucks and to provide links to articles on the various types.

Q: What is Deutsche Welle?
A: The DW (Deutsche Welle) (until 5 February 2012: Deutsche Welle) is Germany's international broadcaster.

Q: What is YNW Melly?
A: Jamell Maurice Demons (born May 1, 1999), better known as YNW Melly, is an American rapper, singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Destroy All Humans! (2005 video game)?
A: Destroy All Humans! is a video game developed by Pandemic Studios and published by THQ.

Q: What is Chaux-lès-Clerval?
A: Chaux-lès-Clerval is a former commune.

Q: What is Gordon Phillips?
A: Gordon David Phillips (17 November 1946 – 3 September 2018) was an English professional football goalkeeper and coach.

Q: What is Abstract photography?
A: and motion combine as a stage for lighting to become abstract In most cases, photography is about taking pictures of objects or scenes that can directly be recognised.

Q: What is Hasselt, Netherlands?
A: Hasselt is a small city seven km north of Zwolle city, in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands.

Q: What is Pictorella mannikin?
A: The pictorella mannikin (Heteromunia pectoralis) (also known as the pictorella munia or pictorella finch) is a species of bird in the family Estrildidae.

Q: What is Ericsson?
A: Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (Telephone Stock Company of LM Ericsson), known as Ericsson, is a Swedish multinational networking and telecommunications company.

Q: What is Air Europa?
A: Air Europa is a Spanish airline based on the Balearic island of Mallorca.

Q: What is Abdul Wahab Dalimunthe?
A: Abdul Wahab Dalimunthe (10 January 19398 November 2021) was an Indonesian politician.

Q: What is Bob Crane?
A: Robert Edward "Bob" Crane (July 13, 1928 – June 29, 1978) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor.

Q: What is Zevia?
A: Zevia is an American company based in Los Angeles.

Q: What is You Don't Own Me?
A: "You Don't Own Me" is a popular song.

Q: What is Takeover of Texas by the United States?
A: The Republic of Texas was the only state to enter by treaty into the United States and admitted to the Union as the 28th state on December 29, 1845.

Q: What is Talk show?
A: and host Jay Leno on The Tonight Show, a popular talk show A talk show is a radio or television program where one or more hosts discuss current issues or other topics with guests.

Q: What is Jay Roach?
A: Matthew Jay Roach (born June 14, 1957) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter.

Q: What is Destroyer (1943 movie)?
A: Destroyer is a 1943 American World War II adventure movie directed by William A.

Q: What is Ottawa Senators (disambiguation)?
A: The Ottawa Senators are a team in the National Hockey League that has played since 1992.

Q: What is Shirley?
A: Shirley [ shur-lee ] is a female given name.

Q: What is Donna Reed?
A: Donna Reed (born Donna Belle Mullenger, January 27, 1921 &ndash; January 14, 1986) was an American actress.

Q: What is Mark Watt?
A: Mark Robert James Watt is a cricketer from Scotland.

Q: What is Pickett's Charge?
A: Pickett's Charge was an infantry attack ordered by Confederate General Robert E.

Q: What is Br'er Rabbit?
A: Br'er Rabbit (also spelled Bre'r Rabbit or Brer Rabbit or Bruh Rabbit, with the title "Br'er" ) is an important character in the Uncle Remus stories in the Southern United States.

Q: What is Spectravideo SV-318?
A: The Spectravideo SV-318 was an MSX-Compatible computer created by Spectravideo.

Q: What is Uppvidinge Municipality?
A: Uppvidinge Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden.

Q: What is Dark Is the Night (1945 movie)?
A: Dark Is the Night () is a 1945 Soviet war movie directed by Boris Barnet.

Q: What is Prefix?
A: A prefix is a part of a word or a word, within a word.

Q: What is Sacrifice to Heaven?
A: Sacrifice to Heaven (Jitian 祭天) is the worship of Shangdi originating in China.

Q: What is Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone?
A: The Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone was the border between North Vietnam and South Vietnam during the Vietnam War.

Q: What is Sága (goddess)?
A: Sága is a goddess from Norse mythology.

Q: What is Taradale, New Zealand?
A: Taradale is a suburb of Napier city in the Hawke's Bay, New Zealand.

Q: What is Zambia at the Olympics?
A: Zambia has been in 10 Summer Olympic Games.

Q: What is Sonequa Martin-Green?
A: Sonequa Chaunté Martin-Green (; born March 21, 1985) is an American actress and producer.

Q: What is Booker T. Washington?
A: Booker Taliaferro Washington (April 5, 1856, – November 14, 1915) was an American political leader, teacher and author.

Q: What is Sheezan Mohammed Khan?
A: Sheezan Mohammed Khan (born 9 September 1994), is an Indian actor.

Q: What is Cloudstone?
A: Cloudstone is a role-playing video game that was released by Playsaurus in 2011.

Q: What is Croatian War of Independence?
A: The Croatian War of Independence was fought from 1991 to 1995 between Croat forces loyal to the government of Croatia—which had declared independence from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (SFRY)—and the Serb-controlled Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) and local Serb forces.

Q: What is Playfire?
A: Playfire was a website for video game players to help gaming networking.

Q: What is All Sports Network?
A: All Sports Network is an Asian sports television channel.

Q: What is Trevor Murdoch?
A: William Theodore Mueller (born September 10, 1980) is an American professional wrestler.

Q: What is Orta San Giulio?
A: Orta San Giulio is a comune in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Q: What is Queen Anne?
A: Queen Anne can mean: * Anne, Queen of Great Britain (1665–1714), queen of England, Scotland and Ireland (1702–1707) and of Great Britain (1707–1714) **Queen Anne style architecture, an architectural style from her reign, and its revivals **Queen Anne style furniture **Queen Anne (play), a 2015 play on Anne's life **Queen Anne's War during her reign **MS Queen Anne Ship named after the Monarch.

Q: What is Watson (computer)?
A: Watson is an artificial intelligence During a game, Watson had access to 200 million pages of content, including the full text of Wikipedia.

Q: What is Turkey at the UEFA European Championship?
A: Turkey has been in 5 UEFA European Championships (1996, 2000, 2008, 2016, and 2020).

Q: What is Philip Labonte?
A: Phil Labonte is an American melodic metalcore vocalist that has fronted All That Remains and Shadows Fall.

Q: What is Flag of Hawaii?
A: The Flag of Hawaii (Hawaiian: Ka Hae Hawaiʻi), or Hawaiian flag, is the official flag of the U.S.

Q: What is Wilbur Soot?
A: William Patrick Spencer Gold (born 14 September 1996), better known as Wilbur Soot, is an English Twitch streamer, YouTuber, and musician.

Q: What is Fugitive Hunter?
A: War on Terror: Fugitive Hunter: War on Terror (in Europe released as American's 10 Most Wanted) is a first-person shooter game for PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows.

Q: What is Strecker's chorus frog?
A: Strecker's chorus frog (Pseudacris streckeri) is a frog.

Q: What is Queen Bee (movie)?
A: Queen Bee is a 1955 American crime drama movie directed by Ranald MacDougall and based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Edna L.

Q: What is Atchison, Kansas?
A: Atchison is a city and county seat of Atchison County, Kansas, United States, and is along the Missouri River.

Q: What is Uelzen (district)?
A: Uelzen is a district (Landkreis) in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Q: What is International Justice Network?
A: The International Justice Network (IJNetwork) leads human rights initiatives around the world by giving legal help and skill to victims of human rights abuses and by making a global network of legal professionals, non-governmental organizations and community-based human rights people to protect and promote human rights and the rule of law.

Q: What is Banijay Kids & Family?
A: Banijay Kids & Family (formerly known as Zodiak Kids, Zodiak Kids Studios and Zodiak Kids & Family) is a French company in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France Founded in 1990 It does Teens, Childs and Parent Television series in very huge animation industry.

Q: What is Stick Season (album)?
A: Stick Season is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Noah Kahan.

Q: What is DNA replication?
A: DNA replication is the process of copying a double-stranded DNA molecule.

Q: What is Deisswil bei Münchenbuchsee?
A: Deisswil bei Münchenbuchsee is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Ogun State?
A: Ogun State is one of the 36 states in Nigeria.

Q: What is Arieş River?
A: The name Arieş River can be one of three rivers in Romania: * Arieş, a river in Romania, tributary of the Mureş River * Arieş, a river in Romania, tributary of the Râul Mic * Arieş, a river in Romania, tributary of the Someş River.

Q: What is She's Hearing Voices?
A: "She's Hearing Voices" is a song by Bloc Party.

Q: What is Sidewinding?
A: Sidewinding is a type of locomotion unique to some snakes.

Q: What is South Dakota Senate?
A: The South Dakota Senate is the upper house of the U.S.

Q: What is Glucose meter?
A: A glucose meter is a medical tool that measures glucose in human blood.

Q: What is Julio César Trujillo?
A: Julio César Trujillo Vásquez (25 March 1931 &ndash; 19 May 2019) was an Ecuadorian lawyer and politician.

Q: What is John Danforth?
A: John Claggett Danforth (born September 5, 1936) is a retired American politician.

Q: What is Trevor Francis?
A: Trevor Francis (19 April 1954 – 24 July 2023) was an English footballer.

Q: What is Tom Pevsner?
A: Thomas "Tom" Pevsner (2 October 1926 &ndash; 19 August 2014) was a British assistant movie director and producer.

Q: What is Paul LePage?
A: Paul Richard LePage (born October 9, 1948) is an American businessman and Republican Party politician.

Q: What is Bat'leth?
A: The bat'leth is a long and curved ceremonial sword with handholds on the back.

Q: What is Rock Ridge, Connecticut?
A: Rock Ridge is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Q: What is Kevin Doyle?
A: Kevin Edward Doyle (born 18 September 1983) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a forward.

Q: What is The Verve Pipe (album)?
A: The Verve Pipe is the third studio album by The Verve Pipe.

Q: What is Corrientes Province?
A: Corrientes is a province in northeast Argentina.

Q: What is Mohand Chérif Hannachi?
A: Mohand Chérif Hannachi (2 April 1950 – 13 November 2020) was an Algerian footballer.

Q: What is Fred Baugh?
A: Frederick "Fred" Baugh was a weightlifter from Australia.

Q: What is Police cell?
A: A police cell, also called a drunk tank, holding tank or temporary holding cell is a large room in a police station or the booking suite of a jail for temporarily holding arrested people or those awaiting transfer to another, more permanent facility.

Q: What is Liverpool John Lennon Airport?
A: Liverpool John Lennon Airport is an international airport in Liverpool, England.

Q: What is Galician language?
A: Galician (Galician: ) is a modern language that is spoken in Galicia, a region of Spain in the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula.

Q: What is Phobia (1980 movie)?
A: Phobia is a 1980 Canadian American horror thriller directed by John Huston and starring Paul Michael Glaser, Susan Hogan, Patricia Collins, John Colicos, David Eisner, Alexandra Stewart.

Q: What is Jack Dugnolle?
A: John Henry Dugnolle (24 March 1914 – 31 August 1977) was an English professional footballer who played as a Midfielder.

Q: What is Nucleoplasm?
A: Nucleoplasm is the contents of the cell nucleus.

Q: What is Paranomus?
A: Paranomus is a genus of 18 species of flowering plants, commonly known as "sceptres".

Q: What is Philipp Hosiner?
A: Philipp Hosiner (15 May 1989 in Eisenstadt) is an Austrian football player.

Q: What is Komitas Vardapet?
A: Soghomon Gevorki Soghomonyan - Komitas Vardepet (also Gomidas Vartabed) (September 26 1869 in Kütahya, Ottoman Empire - October 22 1935, Paris, France), was an Armenian priest, composer, choir leader, singer, music ethnologist, music teacher and musicologist, known as the founder of modern Armenian classical music.

Q: What is École Polytechnique massacre?
A: The École Polytechnique Massacre, known also as the Montreal massacre was a school shooting on December 6, 1989.

Q: What is Carlos Bianchi?
A: Carlos Bianchi (born 26 April 1949) is a former Argentine football player.

Q: What is Neon Jungle?
A: Neon Jungle were a British girl group.

Q: What is Castelnaudary – Villeneuve Airport?
A: Castelnaudary - Villeneuve Airport (ICAO code: LFMW) is located at Villeneuve-la-Comptal in Aude departement of Occitanie region at 2.5&nbsp;km south-east of Castelnaudary.

Q: What is Manuel Real?
A: Manuel Lawrence Real (January 27, 1924 &ndash; June 26, 2019) was a Senior United States federal judge He was the longest-serving active federal judge until his retirement in 2018.

Q: What is Euanthe (moon)?
A: Euanthe or is a moon of Jupiter which is not fully round.

Q: What is East Pakistan?
A: East Pakistan was part of Pakistan.

Q: What is Synod?
A: in 1643 presided by Bishop Piotr Gembicki A synod () is a council of a Christian denomination.

Q: What is Psychedelic rock?
A: Psychedelic rock is a style of rock music.

Q: What is Nikola Dovedan?
A: Nikola Dovedan (born July 6, 1994 in Tulln an der Donau) is an Austrian footballer .

Q: What is Fatimih Dávila?
A: Fatimih Dávila Sosa (1 February 1988 – 2 May 2019) was a Uruguayan model.

Q: What is William Salyers?
A: William Lewis Salyers (born August 16, 1964) is an American actor and voice actor.

Q: What is Crawford County, Kansas?
A: Crawford County (county code CR) is a county in Southeast Kansas.

Q: What is Stone Forest?
A: Stone Forest (Shilin) is a remarkable region of limestone columns.

Q: What is Ferdinand (movie)?
A: Ferdinand is an American adventure comedy movie.

Q: What is Subtraction?
A: Subtraction is the arithmetic operation for finding the difference between two numbers, though it can also be generalized to other mathematical objects such as vectors and seven minus four equals three", "seven take away four leaves three", or "four from seven leaves three".

Q: What is Phoenix metropolitan area?
A: The Phoenix Metropolitan Area – also the Valley of the Sun, the Salt River Valley, or Phoenix Metro (known by most locals simply as “the Valley”) – is the largest metropolitan area in the Southwestern United States, centered on the city of Phoenix, that includes much of the central part of Arizona.

Q: What is Dwarka?
A: Dwarka (with other spelling as Dvarka) was a city of Ancient India.

Q: What is Menongue?
A: Menongue is a town and municipality in Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.

Q: What is Chingchai Mongkoltham?
A: Chingchai Mongkoltham (; ) is a Thai politician and activist currently serving as the leader of New Aspiration Party.

Q: What is Indus-Mesopotamia relations?
A: Indus–Mesopotamia relations started near 3500 BCE, until they stopped around 1900 BCE, when the Indus Valley civilization declined.

Q: What is 1760s?
A: The 1760s was a decade that began on 1 January 1760 and ended on 31 December 1769.

Q: What is Megavirus?
A: Megavirus is a virus with a single identified species, Megavirus chilensis (MGVC).

Q: What is Dijon Kameri?
A: Dijon Kameri (born 20 April 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer.

Q: What is 2010s in Shumang Kumhei?
A: This article is about the notable events, related to Shumang Kumhei (), also known as Shumang Leela (), a traditional Meitei theatrical art form, happened in 2010s.

Q: What is Jupiter (disambiguation)?
A: Jupiter is the fifth planet from the sun.

Q: What is Eduard Strasburger?
A: Eduard Adolf Strasburger (1 February 1844 in Warsaw – 19 May 1912 in Bonn) was a German professor who was one of the most famous botanists of the 19th century.

Q: What is Claude Nelson Warren?
A: Claude Nelson Warren (March 18, 1932 &ndash; November 4, 2021) was an American anthropologist.

Q: What is Caledonian Road tube station?
A: Caledonian Road is a station on the Piccadilly Line of the London Underground, between King's Cross St.

Q: What is Werribee Football Club?
A: The Werribee Football Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

Q: What is Deep Impact (movie)?
A: Deep Impact is a 1998 American science fiction disaster movie directed by Mimi Leder, written by Bruce Joel Rubin and Michael Tolkin, and starring Robert Duvall, Téa Leoni, Elijah Wood, Vanessa Redgrave, Maximilian Schell, and Morgan Freeman.

Q: What is François de Vendôme, duc de Beaufort?
A: François de Vendôme, duc de Beaufort (16 January 1616 – 25 June 1669) was the son of César, Duke of Vendôme, and Françoise de Lorraine.

Q: What is Tuva?
A: Tuva Republic is one of 85 federal subjects of Russia.

Q: What is Pembroke College, Oxford?
A: Pembroke College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford.

Q: What is Provinces and territories of Canada?
A: Canada is a country and sovereign state in the northern area of North America.

Q: What is Elmo Lincoln?
A: Elmo Lincoln (Otto Elmo Linkenhelt, February 6, 1889June 27, 1952) was an American movie actor.

Q: What is Heilsbronn?
A: Heilsbronn () is a town in Ansbach, a district (Landkreis) in Middle Franconia, in the wooded valley of the Rangau.

Q: What is Veronika Voss?
A: Veronika Voss (, "The Longing of Veronika Voss") is a 1982 West German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Rosel Zech, Hilmar Thate, Cornelia Froboess, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Annemarie Düringer, Peter Berling, Günther Kaufmann, Erik Schumann, Peter Zadek.

Q: What is Takashi Ohyama?
A: is a Japanese dentist, educator and president of Tokyo Medical and Dental University (TMDU).

Q: What is West Melton, New Zealand?
A: West Melton is a town in the Selwyn District, New Zealand and is located west of Christchurch.

Q: What is Rutka Laskier?
A: Rut Laskier, nicknamed Rutka Laskier (12 June 1929 – December 1943), was a Polish girl of Jewish background, who kept a diary in the Będzin concentration camp, in early 1943.

Q: What is East Asian calligraphy?
A: The East Asian tradition of calligraphy originated and developed in China.

Q: What is Marie Laveau?
A: Marie Catherine Laveau (September 10, 1801 – June 15, 1881) was a Louisiana practitioner of voodoo, herbalism and midwifery.

Q: What is Skateboard?
A: A skateboard is a board (called a "deck") with four wheels put on under it.

Q: What is Striptease?
A: , by Gustave Moreau Striptease is an entertainment, by females usually, before an audience.

Q: What is Barbara A. Curran?
A: Barbara Ann Curran (August 26, 1940 – January 29, 2022) was an American Republican politician and lawyer.

Q: What is Ileana Vulpescu?
A: Ileana Vulpescu (May 21, 1932, Bratovoeşti – May 12, 2021, Bucharest) was a Romanian philologist, lexicographer, prose writer, novelist and translator.

Q: What is Morbio?
A: Morbio can mean: * Morbio Inferiore, a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland * Morbio Superiore, a former municipality in the municipality of Breggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Q: What is Gard?
A: Gard is a French department in southern France in the Occitanie region and named after the Gardon river.

Q: What is Oftringen?
A: Oftringen is a city and municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Q: What is Homosexuality in Islam?
A: In Islam, homosexuality is generally considered as forbidden by every major scholar in both the Shia and Prophet Muhammad agreed that homosexuality should of been punished by execution based on Sunan Abu Dawood [https://sunnah.com/abudawud:4462 4462] in Sunni sources.

Q: What is Bad Girls Club season 14?
A: Bad Girls Club: Back for More is the fourteenth season of the Oxygen reality television series Bad Girls Club.

Q: What is Rex Tillerson?
A: Rex Wayne Tillerson (born March 23, 1952) is an American businessman and the 69th United States Secretary of State.

Q: What is There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back?
A: "There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back" is a 2017 song by Canadian singer Shawn Mendes and is taken from his second studio album Illuminate (2016).

Q: What is Nipple discharge?
A: Nipple discharge is fluid that comes out of the nipple of the breast and is not breastmilk Sometimes discharge from nipples will get better and not need treatment.

Q: What is Politics of Germany?
A: Politics of Germany are based on a federal parliamentary democratic republic.

Q: What is Charles Sibley?
A: Charles Gald Sibley (August 7, 1917 – April 12, 1998) was an American ornithologist and molecular biologist.

Q: What is Receptor (cell biology)?
A: , a receptor is a special structure that can be found in cell membranes.

Q: What is Chalkidiki?
A: Chalkidiki, also known as Halkidiki or Chalcidice, is one of 51 prefectures of Greece in the region of Macedonia.

Q: What is Nasarawa State?
A: Nasarawa is one of the 36 states of Nigeria.

Q: What is Death's-head hawkmoth?
A: A Death's-head hawkmoth may be one of three types of moth.

Q: What is The Brady Bunch?
A: The Brady Bunch is an American situation comedy created by Sherwood Schwartz.

Q: What is Jorge Carlos Fonseca?
A: Jorge Carlos de Almeida Fonseca (born 20 October 1950) is a Cape Verdean politician.

Q: What is Words (Bee Gees song)?
A: "Words" is a 1968 song written by Bee Gees.

Q: What is Camp (constituency)?
A: Camp is a constituency of the Falkland Islands.

Q: What is Type rating?
A: A type rating is an authorization to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training.

Q: What is Shirley Clamp?
A: Shirley Natasja Clamp, born 17 February 1973 in Borås, Sweden, is a British Swedish pop singer.

Q: What is Siberians (movie)?
A: Siberians () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov.

Q: What is Kaloula pulchra?
A: The Malayan bullfrog, Mayalsian narrowmouth toad, banded bullfrog, Ceylon Kaloula, digging frog, painted bullfrog, Asian painted bullfrog, beautiful painted frog, painted microhylid frog, painted balloon frog, piebald digging frog, common Asian bullfrog, painted burrowing frog, painted frog, Hainan digging frog, Asiatic painted frog, or banded bullfrog (Kaloula pulchra) is a species of toad.

Q: What is A Twist in My Story?
A: A Twist in My Story is the second studio album by Secondhand Serenade.

Q: What is Singapore freshwater crab?
A: The Singapore freshwater crab (Johora singaporensis) is a critically endangered species of freshwater crab.

Q: What is Bundessozialgericht?
A: The Bundessozialgericht (German for Federal Social Court) is the German Federation The Bundessozialgericht is located in the city of Kassel.

Q: What is Charlottenberg?
A: Charlottenberg is an urban area in the county of Värmland in Sweden.

Q: What is Prince Nikolaos of Greece and Denmark?
A: Prince Nikolaos of Greece and Denmark (Greek: Νικόλαος; born 1 October 1969) is the third child of Constantine II (1940–2023) and Anne-Marie of Denmark, who were the last King and Queen of Greece, from 1964 to 1973.

Q: What is Fife and drum blues?
A: Fife and drum blues is a form of traditional country blues.

Q: What is Hans Jansen?
A: Johannes Juliaan Gijsbert "Hans" Jansen (17 November 1942 - 5 May 2015) was a Dutch people Jansen died of a stroke at the age of 72.

Q: What is Move?
A: Move may mean: * Motion, Movement ** Moving, Mover ** Moving Company ** migration, immigration, emigration ** Prime mover ** Remove Science * Strategy (game theory) * Move α (linguistics) Government, law and politics * motion (legal) * motion (democracy) * motion (parliamentary procedure) computing * mv (move), a Unix command * Move (command), a shell command.

Q: What is Pazyryk rug?
A: The Pazyryk rug is one of the oldest carpets in the world.

Q: What is Azim Premji?
A: Azim Hashim Premji (born 24 July 1945) is an Indian businessman, investor, engineer, and philanthropist.

Q: What is Fiber-optic cable?
A: A fiber-optic cable is a cable that uses optical fibers to carry data.

Q: What is Sharon, Pennsylvania?
A: Sharon is a city in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, in the United States, northwest of Pittsburgh.

Q: What is Laura?
A: The name Laura [ lahv-rah; English lah-vruh ] is a female given name in Latin Europe whose meaning, "Bay Laurel", translates to everyman.

Q: What is Emperor Taizong of Tang?
A: Emperor Taizong of Tang (born Li Shimin, January 23, 599 – July 10, 649) was the second emperor of the Tang Dynasty of China.

Q: What is Svante Pääbo?
A: Svante Pääbo (; born 20 April 1955) is a Swedish geneticist.

Q: What is Albany International Airport?
A: Albany International Airport is a public use airport six nautical miles (11&nbsp;km) northwest of the central business district of airport of entry serving Albany.

Q: What is Men in Black II?
A: Men in Black II is an American science fiction action comedy movie.

Q: What is Azuma Morisaki?
A: was a Japanese film director and screenwriter.

Q: What is Domesday Book?
A: The Domesday Book is the record of the great survey of much of England, and parts of Wales, completed in 1086, done for William I of England, or William the Conqueror.

Q: What is Rutland County, Vermont?
A: Rutland County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon?
A: Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.

Q: What is Alex Albon?
A: Alexander Albon Ansusinha (, born 23 March 1996) is a Thai-British racing driver.

Q: What is Attempted assassination of Pope John Paul II?
A: The assassination attempt of the Pope John Paul II took place on Wednesday, May 13, 1981, in St.

Q: What is Boston Navy Yard?
A: The Boston Navy Yard was one of the oldest shipbuilding places in the United States Navy.

Q: What is Maya Schenwar?
A: Maya Schenwar (born November 10, 1982) is a journalist and writer focused on prisons.

Q: What is Anthem of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic?
A: The "anthem of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic" was the anthem of Kazakhstan during the Soviet era.

Q: What is Constitutional law?
A: Constitutional law is an area of law that shows how the institutions of a country are organised, and the basic rights of citizens.

Q: What is Kalamazoo, Michigan?
A: Kalamazoo is a large city in the U.S.

Q: What is Reg Watson?
A: Reginald James Watson AM (27 August 1926 &ndash; 8 October 2019), as Reg Watson was an Australian retired television producer and writer.

Q: What is Støre Cabinet?
A: The executive power of the government of Norway is headed by Jonas Gahr Støre.

Q: What is Control variable?
A: A control variable is something in an experiment that is kept the same.

Q: What is Sarai Gascon Moreno?
A: Sarai Gascon Moreno (born November 16, 1992 in Terrassa, Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain.

Q: What is November 2021 English Channel disaster?
A: On 24 November 2021, an inflatable dinghy carrying migrants from France to the United Kingdom flipped over in the English Channel.

Q: What is Through the Barricades (song)?
A: "Through the Barricades" is a 1986 song by English new wave band Spandau Ballet and is the title track from their fifth studio album Through the Barricades.

Q: What is New Guinea?
A: New Guinea is a big island north of Australia.

Q: What is Attempted assassination of Donald Trump in Pennsylvania?
A: On July 13, 2024, Thomas Matthew Crooks shot Donald Trump, who was running for a second term as the President of the United States, during a New York Times photographer Doug Mills was at the rally.

Q: What is Passage to Marseille?
A: Passage to Marseille is a 1944 American World War II adventure movie directed by Michael Curtiz and was 1942 novel Sans Patrie (Men Without Country) by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall.

Q: What is Harry Perry (boxer)?
A: Harry Perry (2 December 1934 – 23 January 2021) was an Irish boxer.

Q: What is Rick Bacon?
A: Rick Bacon is a retired volleyball player from Canada.

Q: What is Bidjabidjan?
A: Bidjabidjan is a city in Kié-Ntem, Equatorial Guinea.

Q: What is Mehar Abdul Rasheed (politician)?
A: Mehar Abdul Rasheed, is a Pakistani politician who remained as a Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 1988 to 1990.

Q: What is Salinibacter ruber?
A: Salinibacter ruber is an extreme halophile (salt-loving organism) that lives in concentrations of salt from 20 to 30%.

Q: What is Aksaray?
A: Aksaray is a city in northern Turkey.

Q: What is Irukandji jellyfish?
A: The Irukandji Jellyfish, Carukia barnesi, is a species of jellyfish.

Q: What is Ian Watkins?
A: Ian Watkins may refer to: *Ian "H" Watkins (born 1976), pop singer and member of Steps *Ian Watkins (Lostprophets) (1977–2025), rock musician and sex offender.

Q: What is Boniface Alexandre?
A: Boniface Alexandre (31 July 1936 &ndash; 4 August 2023) was a Haitian politician.

Q: What is Vladimir Arnold?
A: Vladimir Arnold (12 June 1937 — 3 June 2010) was a Russian mathematician of Jewish descent, said to be one of the greatest mathematicians of the 20th century.

Q: What is Pound Puppies (2010 TV series)?
A: Pound Puppies is a Canadian-American computer-animated television series that launched on 10th October 2010 and created by David Sacks.

Q: What is Kirit Parmar?
A: Kirit Parmar is an Indian politician who is serving as Mayor and First Citizen of Ahmedabad from 10 March 2021.

Q: What is La Condamine-Châtelard?
A: La Condamine-Châtelard is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Q: What is Granite Falls, Minnesota?
A: Granite Falls is a city in Chippewa and Yellow Medicine counties in the State of Minnesota.

Q: What is Andrew Young?
A: Andrew Jackson Young (born March 12, 1932) is an American politician, diplomat, activist, and Congregationalist pastor from Georgia.

Q: What is CBS Evening News?
A: The CBS Evening News is a daily evening newscast on CBS.

Q: What is Thomas D'Alesandro III?
A: Thomas Ludwig John D'Alesandro III (July 24, 1929 &ndash; October 20, 2019) was an Speaker of the U.S.

Q: What is Potassium arsenate?
A: Potassium arsenate is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Terry Watkinson?
A: Terry Watkinson (born 1940 in what is now Thunder Bay, Ontario) is an artist, painter, illustrator, and musician.

Q: What is Henry III of England?
A: Henry III (1 October 1207 — 16 November 1272), also known as Henry of Winchester and nicknamed the Pious, the Wise and later the Saint.

Q: What is Yury Luzhkov?
A: Yury Mikhailovitsch Luzhkov () (September 21, 1936 &ndash; December 10, 2019) was a Russian politician.

Q: What is Time Exposure (Little River Band album)?
A: Time Exposure is the sixth studio album by Australian band Little River Band and released in September, 1981 through Capitol Records.

Q: What is Pre-ejaculate?
A: Pre-ejaculate (also known as pre-ejaculatory fluid, pre-seminal fluid or Cowper's fluid, and pre-cum) is a clear, colorless, fluid that comes from a human penis.

Q: What is Fuad Masum?
A: Muhammad Fuad Masum ( Muḥammad Fūād Ma‘ṣūm; Kurdish: , born 1 January 1938) was the seventh President of Iraq from 24 July 2014 through 2 October 2019.

Q: What is Niassa Province?
A: Niassa is a province of Mozambique.

Q: What is Edam, Netherlands?
A: Edam is a city in the province of North Holland in the Netherlands.

Q: What is Maria Pappas?
A: Maria Pappas (born June 7, 1949) is an American lawyer and politician who has been the Cook County Treasurer since 1998.

Q: What is Hillel Furstenberg?
A: Hillel (Harry) Furstenberg () (born September 29, 1935) is a German-born American-Israeli mathematician.

Q: What is Hernán Crespo?
A: Hernán Jorge Crespo (; born 5 July 1975) is an Argentine professional football coach and former player.

Q: What is Turku?
A: Turku () is a city in Southwest Finland.

Q: What is Newport, Pennsylvania?
A: Newport is a borough in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Q: What is Arte Johnson?
A: Arthur Stanton Eric "Arte" Johnson (January 20, 1929 &ndash; July 3, 2019) was an American comedian and television, movie, and voice actor.

Q: What is Keres?
A: Keres may be one of these pages: * Harald Keres, Estonian physicist * Paul Keres, Estonian chess grandmaster * Keres (spirits) * Kereš, a river in Hungary and Serbia.

Q: What is Scheidegg, Bavaria?
A: Scheidegg is a municipality in the district of Lindau in Bavaria in Germany.

Q: What is Ashland, Alabama?
A: Ashland is an American city in the state of Alabama.

Q: What is Abudefduf caudobimaculatus?
A: Abudefduf caudobimaculatus, commonly known as the Okinawa sergeant, is a species of damselfish.

Q: What is Jericho, Vermont?
A: Jericho is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Q: What is Tania Khalill?
A: Tania Khalill (stage name Tânia Calil Padis Campos, July 8, 1977 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actress.

Q: What is Lee McCulloch?
A: Lee Henry McCulloch (born 14 May 1978) is a Scottish professional football coach and former player, who was most recently the assistant manager at Scottish Premiership club Heart of Midlothian.

Q: What is Silver iodate?
A: Silver iodate is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Alor Setar Tower?
A: Alor Setar Tower, also known as Kedah Tower, is a 4-story, 165.5-meter-tall telecommunication tower in Alor Setar, Kedah, Malaysia.

Q: What is Terra (mythology)?
A: Terra is the Roman form of Gaia (Greek).

Q: What is Copperbelt?
A: Copperbelt is a province in the northern part of Zambia.

Q: What is Courgenay?
A: :For the town in France, see Courgenay, Yonne.

Q: What is Namrata Singh Gujral?
A: Namrata Singh Gujral (born February 26, 1976) is an Indian-born American director, producer and actress.

Q: What is Samoan Americans?
A: Samoan Americans are Americans that are from Samoa.

Q: What is Adnan Pachachi?
A: Adnan al-Pachachi or Adnan Muzahim Ameen al-Pachachi () (May 14, 1923 &ndash; November 17, 2019) was an Iraqi politician and diplomat.

Q: What is Water-mixable oil paint?
A: Water-mixable oil paint (also called "water soluble" or "water miscible") is a modern type of oil paint.

Q: What is Shawn Wayans?
A: Shawn Mathis Wayans (born January 19, 1971) is an American actor, DJ, producer, writer and comedian.

Q: What is Palenque, Chiapas?
A: Palenque is a city in the Mexican state of Chiapas.

Q: What is Kurt Weber?
A: Kurt Weber (24 May 1928 – 4 June 2015) was a Polish cinematographer.

Q: What is Curing (chemistry)?
A: In chemistry, curing is the name of a process that strengthens the links between polymers.

Q: What is Wilcox County?
A: Wilcox County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Wilcox County, Alabama * Wilcox County, Georgia.

Q: What is Janusz Bugajski?
A: Janusz Bugajski (23 September 1954 &ndash; 18 October 2025) was a British-born American senior fellow and analyst at the Jamestown Foundation in Washington, D.C.

Q: What is Carl Gustav Hempel?
A: Carl Gustav "Peter" Hempel (January 8, 1905 – November 9, 1997) was a German mathematician and philiospher.

Q: What is No Angels?
A: No Angels are an all-female pop group from Germany, formed in 2000.

Q: What is Leaf spring?
A: A Leaf spring is a spring type, usually it has been used in vehicles but nowadays current type is not so popular.

Q: What is Imre Mécs?
A: Imre Mécs (4 September 1933 – 19 January 2023) is a Hungarian politician.

Q: What is Roll On down the Highway?
A: "Roll On Down the Highway" is a 1975 song by Bachman-Turner Overdrive.

Q: What is Tamayo Marukawa?
A: is a Japanese politician and former television presenter.

Q: What is The Black Phone 2?
A: The Black Phone 2 is an upcoming American supernatural horror movie.

Q: What is Ryang Yong-gi?
A: Ryang Yong-Gi (born 7 January 1982) is a North Korean professional athlete.

Q: What is Purba Bardhaman district?
A: Purba Bardhaman district is a newly created district of West Bengal.

Q: What is Yutu (rover)?
A: The Yutu or Jade Rabbit is a China The Chinese landing on the Moon was the first soft landing since 1976.

Q: What is Religion in ancient Rome?
A: holding Victory and regarding an altar with a cornucopia and other offerings, copy of a relief panel from an altar or statue base as a sculpture dating back to 100 BC Religion in ancient Rome (; Roman religion) is the local polytheism of Ancient Rome that the Romans used to define themselves as a people.

Q: What is Plínio de Arruda Sampaio?
A: Plínio Soares de Arruda Sampaio (July 26, 1930 – July 8, 2014) was a Brazilian intellectual and political activist.

Q: What is Joseph Muscat?
A: Joseph Muscat (born January 22, 1974) is a Maltese politician.

Q: What is Aldo Ferrer?
A: Aldo Ferrer (April 15, 1927 – March 8, 2016) was an Argentine economist and policy maker.

Q: What is Alexandra Föderl-Schmid?
A: Alexandra Föderl-Schmid (born 30 January 1971) is an Austrian journalist.

Q: What is Gary Cooper?
A: Gary Cooper (born Frank James Cooper; May 7, 1901May 13, 1961) was an American actor.

Q: What is Final Fight Championship?
A: Final Fight Championship (FFC) is a European based martial arts promotion company operating under and with the production support of the Fight Channel Group.

Q: What is Like Phantoms, Forever?
A: Like Phantoms, Forever is a handmade CDR release of American rock band My Chemical Romance.

Q: What is Pregnant Again?
A: "Pregnant Again" is a 1980 song by Loretta Lynn and was released as a single via MCA Records.

Q: What is Madison County, New York?
A: Madison County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Traunstein (mountain)?
A: Traunstein is the highest mountain on the east side of Lake Traunsee.

Q: What is Guatemala at the Olympics?
A: Guatemala was first at the Olympic Games in 1952.

Q: What is Emmaculate Chemtai?
A: Emmaculate Chemtai (born 14 October 1993) is a Kenyan volleyball player.

Q: What is Flash Gordon (serial)?
A: Flash Gordon is a 1936 13-chapter science fiction Flash Gordon movie serial.

Q: What is Gadheim?
A: Gadheim is a village in Lower Franconia, in northern Bavaria belonging to the municipality of Veitshöchheim.

Q: What is Kharkov National Medical University?
A: Kharkov National Medical University (KNMU, , ) is a medical university in Kharkov, Ukraine.

Q: What is Seth Gabel?
A: Seth Gabel (born October 3, 1981) is an American actor.

Q: What is I'm in Miami Bitch?
A: "I'm in Miami Bitch" (also known by the clean title "I'm in Miami Trick") is a 2008 Electro hop/alternative hip hop/dance song by American electro hop group, LMFAO.

Q: What is Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz?
A: The Club Deportivo Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz, commonly known as Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz, is a Mexican football club.

Q: What is Danube Bridge?
A: The Danube Bridge (also known as the Friendship Bridge; is a steel truss bridge over the Danube River connecting the Bulgarian bank to the south with the Romanian bank to the north.

Q: What is Dendropsophus reichlei?
A: Dendropsophus reichlei is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru and Brazil.

Q: What is Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9?
A: Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 was a comet.

Q: What is Lincoln Lewis?
A: Lincoln Clay Lewis (born 24 October 1987) is an Australian actor.

Q: What is Donald Trump 2020 presidential campaign?
A: The 2020 presidential campaign of Donald Trump was an unsuccessful reelection campaign by then President Donald Trump, who was the president of the United States from 2017 to 2021.

Q: What is 2020 Vermont Republican presidential primary?
A: The 2020 Vermont Republican presidential primary was on March 3, 2020, as one of 14 contests planned for Super Tuesday in the Republican Party primaries for the 2020 president election.

Q: What is Cory Booker 2020 presidential campaign?
A: The Cory Booker 2020 presidential campaign was the presidential campaign of Cory Booker.

Q: What is Jon Philp?
A: Jonathan (Jon) Philp (born 1960 in Bangkok) is an Australian diplomat and career officer with the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.

Q: What is 8HevXII a?
A: 8HevXII a (originally marked LXXVTS 10a; Rahlfs 943a) is a Septuagint manuscript that containing the biblical books of minor prophets.

Q: What is Nils Christie?
A: Nils Christie (February 24, 1928 &ndash; May 27, 2015) was a Norwegian sociologist and criminology.

Q: What is County Down?
A: County Down, (Contae an Dúin in Irish - meaning the Fort) is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland, and one of the nine counties of the ancient province of Ulster.

Q: What is The Master of Taiga?
A: The Master of Taiga () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Nazarov.

Q: What is Dark Circle?
A: Dark Circle is a documentary movie about anti-nuclear protest activity.

Q: What is Chandel?
A: Chandel or Chandela Chandrel is a Rajput clan ruled Bundelkhand in north-central India and fought against the early Muslim invaders.

Q: What is Richie Faulkner?
A: Richard Ian Faulkner (born 1 January 1980) is an English musician best known as one of the lead guitarists for the heavy metal band Judas Priest since 2011, replacing original member K.

Q: What is Isny im Allgäu?
A: Isny im Allgäu is a town in Ravensburg in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Q: What is Veghel?
A: Veghel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant.

Q: What is Vitiligo?
A: Vitiligo is a long term condition which causes white patches to develop on the skin.

Q: What is Blaine, Minnesota?
A: Blaine is a city in Anoka and Ramsey counties in the U.S.

Q: What is Civil Aviation Authority of Bangladesh?
A: Civil Aviation Authority of Bangladesh (CAAB) is Bangladesh manages airport operations, including flight safety and air traffic control.

Q: What is Rock concert?
A: performing a rock concert in 2013 A rock concert is a live performance of rock music.

Q: What is Anita Bibo?
A: Anita Bibo is a Dutch water polo player.

Q: What is Blacknose shark?
A: The blacknose shark (Carcharhinus acronotus) is a species of requiem shark, in the genus Carcharhinus.

Q: What is Banja Luka Region?
A: Banja Luka is one of seven regions in Republika Srpska.

Q: What is Frontenac, Gironde?
A: Frontenac, Gironde is a commune.

Q: What is First Horizon Park?
A: First Horizon Park is a baseball park in downtown Nashville, Tennessee The ballpark was built for the Nashville Sounds, but other sports teams have also played at the stadium.

Q: What is Who Will Save Your Soul?
A: "Who Will Save Your Soul" is a 1996 song by Jewel and is the leading single to her debut studio album Pieces of You.

Q: What is Scofield, Utah?
A: Scofield is a town in Carbon County, Utah, United States.

Q: What is Crossodactylus boulengeri?
A: Crossodactylus boulengeri is a frog.

Q: What is Peter Boyle?
A: Peter Richard Lawrence Boyle (October 18, 1935 – December 12, 2006) was an American actor.

Q: What is Stanley Crouch?
A: Stanley Lawrence Crouch (December 14, 1945 – September 16, 2020) was an American poet, music, and cultural critic.

Q: What is Argentine National Gendarmerie?
A: The Argentine National Gendarmerie (GNA), sometimes referred to as the National Gendarmerie (GN), is one of the Federal Security Forces of Argentina (along with the Argentine Naval Prefecture, the Argentine Federal Police, the Airport Security Police, and the Federal Penitentiary Service).

Q: What is George Herbert Walker Jr.?
A: George Herbert "Bert" Walker Jr.

Q: What is Gordon Pinsent?
A: Gordon Edward Pinsent, CC, FRSC (July 12, 1930 &ndash; February 25, 2023) was a Canadian actor, screenwriter, director and playwright.

Q: What is Exosphere?
A: The exosphere is a thin, atmosphere-like volume surrounding a planet or natural satellite.

Q: What is 1950 British Grand Prix?
A: The 1950 British Grand Prix held at Silverstone was Round 1 of 7 in the 1950 Formula One Season.

Q: What is Fred Figglehorn?
A: , the creator of Fred Fred Figglehorn is a fictional character made up by Lucas Cruikshank, a teenager from Columbus, Nebraska.

Q: What is Steinfurt Rural District?
A: Steinfurt is a Kreis (district) in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Q: What is Austin Butler?
A: Austin Butler (born August 17, 1991) is an American actor.

Q: What is It's Only Love (Bryan Adams song)?
A: "It's Only Love" is a hit rock duet recorded by Grammy Award winning singers Bryan Adams and Tina Turner.

Q: What is Pump Up the Valuum?
A: Pump Up the Valuum is the eighth studio album by American punk rock band, NOFX.

Q: What is Koiren Leima?
A: Koiren Leima or Leinung Yuchakha Chanu or Ayangleima is the name of the consort of Thangjing, the presiding deity of Ancient Moirang, a province in Ancient Manipur.

Q: What is Middelharnis?
A: Middelharnis is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

Q: What is Comanche?
A: Comanche peoples are Native Americans who lived in an area called the Comancheria.

Q: What is Gap year?
A: A gap year is time taken between completing secondary school and going to a university or college or also between college and graduate school or a profession.

Q: What is Aeronca E-113?
A: The Aeronca E-113 is a two-cylinder piston engine made by Aeronca.

Q: What is Nikki McKibbin?
A: Katherine Nicole McKibbin (September 28, 1978 – November 1, 2020) was an Americans McKibbin died on November 1, 2020 from a brain aneurysm at a hospital in Arlington, Texas.

Q: What is We Started Nothing?
A: We Started Nothing is an album recorded by Pop duo The Ting Tings.

Q: What is Yi See-young?
A: Yi See-young (, 3 December 1868 - 19 April 1953) was a politician and independence activist, politicians and Neo-confucian scholars of South Korea.

Q: What is Scimitar oryx?
A: The Scimitar oryx or Scimitar horned oryx (oryx dammah) is a species of oryx that is extinct in the wild.

Q: What is James Murdoch (journalist)?
A: James Murdoch (27 September 1856 – 30 October 1921) was a Scottish-Australian academic, journalist, translator, editor and Japanologist.

Q: What is Training Day?
A: Training Day is a 2001 American crime drama thriller movie.

Q: What is Saint-Quentin-les-Anges?
A: Saint-Quentin-les-Anges is a commune of 376 people (1999).

Q: What is Assyrian calendar?
A: The Assyrian calendar is a lunar-based calendar that begins in the year 4750 BC.

Q: What is Claudia Goldin?
A: Claudia Goldin (born May 14, 1946) is an American economic historian and labor economist.

Q: What is Why Can't We Live Together?
A: "Why Can't We Live Together" is the 1972 debut single by American soul singer Timmy Thomas and taken from his debut album of the same name.

Q: What is Russian desman?
A: The Russian desman (Desmana moschata) is a type of mammal in the family Talpidae.

Q: What is Texas Stars?
A: The Texas Stars are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 2009.

Q: What is Joseph Shabalala?
A: Joseph Shabalala (28 August 1940&nbsp;– 11 February 2020), born Bhekizizwe Joseph Siphatimandla Mxoveni Mshengu Bigboy Shabalala, was a South African singer and musician.

Q: What is Roy Mason?
A: Roy Mason, Baron Mason of Barnsley, British Labour politician and former Cabinet minister.

Q: What is Ptolemy XIV Philopator?
A: Ptolemy XIV Philopator was the pharaoh of Egypt, who ruled with his sister Cleopatra VII from 47 until his death in 44 BC.

Q: What is Taboo (rapper)?
A: Jamie Luis Gomez (born July 14, 1975), better known by his stage name Taboo, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, actor and DJ.

Q: What is English Football League?
A: The English Football League (which was the Football League) is a football league in England and Wales.

Q: What is Abbey (name)?
A: The name Abbey [ ab-ee ] has become more popular recently and can be used for both boys and girls.

Q: What is Apple Records?
A: Apple Records was a record label founded in 1968, started by The Beatles.

Q: What is Gerhard Rodax?
A: Gerhard Rodax (29 August 1965 – 16 November 2022) was an Austrian professional footballer.

Q: What is Autograph?
A: An autograph is some writing written only in the handwriting of its author; it is not typing.

Q: What is Samantha Mathis?
A: Samantha Mathis (born on May 12, 1970, New York) is an American actress who has acted in lots of movies.

Q: What is Città di Castello?
A: Città di Castello is an Italian city in the Umbria Region.

Q: What is Club sandwich?
A: A club sandwich, also called a clubhouse sandwich, is a sandwich that has bread, sliced cooked poultry, ham or fried bacon, lettuce, tomato, and egg mayonnaise.

Q: What is Hegemone (moon)?
A: Hegemone or , is a moon of Jupiter.

Q: What is Moriez?
A: Moriez is a commune of 238 people (2022).

Q: What is Raffaele Baldassarre?
A: Raffaele Baldassarre (23 September 1956 – 10 November 2018) was an Italian politician.

Q: What is Black nationalism?
A: Black nationalism is the idea that black people from one country, or from several countries belong together, and that they have a common history and culture.

Q: What is National Center for Missing & Exploited Children?
A: National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC) is a private and nonprofit organization.

Q: What is Rebecca Matlock?
A: Rebecca Burrum Matlock (December 7, 1928 &ndash; November 9, 2019) is an American photographer.

Q: What is Funge?
A: or (Angola) or (DCR and the Congo Republic) is a traditional African food made of cassava flour whisked into boiling water.

Q: What is Take a Pair of Private Eyes?
A: Take a Pair of Private Eyes is a British comedy crime television series.

Q: What is 3D video game?
A: A 3D video game is a style of game set in 3 dimensions or modeled using 3D graphics.

Q: What is Malak Daulat Khan Bangash?
A: Malik Daulat Khan Kohat was the first ruler of Bangash.

Q: What is Sergio Castellitto?
A: Sergio Castellitto (born 18 August 1953) is an Italian director, actor, and screenwriter.

Q: What is Meir Shamgar?
A: Meir Shamgar () (August 13, 1925 &ndash; October 18, 2019) was an Israeli general and judge.

Q: What is Takariya Napaltjarri?
A: Takariya Napaltjarri (born early 1960s) is an Australian Aboriginal artist.

Q: What is John Bird (actor)?
A: John Bird (22 November 1936 – 24 December 2022) was an English satirist, actor and comedian.

Q: What is Soapnet?
A: Soapnet was an American basic cable network.

Q: What is Stonehenge?
A: : visitors are not usually allowed this close! Stonehenge is a prehistoric World Heritage Site of megaliths.

Q: What is Niggas in Paris?
A: "Niggas in Paris" (edited for radio as In Paris or Paris or censored on the album as Ni**as in Paris) is a hip hop song by American rappers Kanye West and Jay-Z.

Q: What is Azovo, Omsk Oblast?
A: Azovo (Russian: Азово, German: Asowo) is a rural locality (a selo).

Q: What is Jungle Rhythm?
A: Jungle Rhythm is a Mickey Mouse short animated movie.

Q: What is The Four Musketeers (movie)?
A: The Four Musketeers is a 1974 Spanish Panamanian British American adventure movie directed by Richard Lester and was based on the 1844 novel by Alexandre Dumas and is the sequel of the 1973 movie The Three Musketeers.

Q: What is Seal of Oklahoma?
A: The Great Seal of Oklahoma is a five-pointed star in a circle.

Q: What is David Stockman?
A: David Alan Stockman (born November 10, 1946) is a former businessman and American politician.

Q: What is Melbourne International Games Week?
A: Melbourne International Games Week is a platform in Asia Pacific.

Q: What is Helen Betty Osborne?
A: Helen Betty Osborne, or Betty Osborne (July 16, 1952 &ndash; November 13, 1971), was a Cree woman who was kidnapped and murdered while walking down the street in The Pas, Manitoba.

Q: What is Atari 2600?
A: The Atari 2600 is a video game console released in the United States in October 1977.

Q: What is List of MeSH codes (E06)?
A: The following is a partial list of the "E" codes for Medical Subject Headings (MeSH), as defined by the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM).

Q: What is Like a Dragon?
A: Infinite Wealth: Like a Dragon: Infinite Wealth is a role-playing video game.

Q: What is Shri Khushan Das University?
A: Shri Khushal Das University (SKDU and SKD University) is an Indian Private university located in Hanumangarh, Rajasthan.

Q: What is 1972 Pacific hurricane season?
A: The 1972 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1972 in the east Pacific, and on June 1, 1972 in the central Pacific.

Q: What is Arunjit Borah?
A: Arunjit Borah (born July 26, 1977) is an Indian filmmaker.

Q: What is Arts?
A: The arts are a large part of culture, and the word means much more than "art".

Q: What is New York's 20th congressional district?
A: New York's 20th congressional district is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives located in the middle of New York.

Q: What is Pia de' Tolomei?
A: - La Pia de Tolomei Pia de' Tolomei was a noblewoman from Siena, Italy.

Q: What is Higurashi When They Cry?
A: Higurashi or Higurashiː When They Cry (ひぐらしのなく頃に, Higurashi no Naku Koro ni) is a mystery visual novel franchise created in 2002 by a writer who is best known under the pseudonym, Ryukishi07, it has become a multi-media franchise full of videogames, merchandise and anime adaptations.

Q: What is Amina al-Said?
A: Amina al-Said (January 20, 1914 - August 13, 1995) was an Egyptian feminist, journalist, and editor.

Q: What is Eat It?
A: "Eat It" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Q: What is Saxe-Jena?
A: Infobox Former Country | | | | |20px|Saxe-Weimar |20px|Saxe-Weimar | | | The Duchy of Saxe-Jena was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.

Q: What is Alun Wyn Jones?
A: Alun Wyn Jones (born 19 September 1985) is a Welsh rugby union player.

Q: What is Byrsonima crassifolia?
A: Byrsonima crassifolia is a slow growing tree native to the Tropical America.

Q: What is Wolf Point East Tower?
A: Wolf Point East Tower is the second tallest of three buildings being developed in the Near North Side community area on the Wolf Point property near the Chicago River in downtown Chicago.

Q: What is Landfall?
A: Landfall can mean: * Landfall, an arrival at land on a sea or air journey * Landfall (meteorology), the time at which a storm passes over shore * Landfall, Minnesota * Landfall (journal), a New Zealand literary journal * Landfall (movie), a 1977 New Zealand movie * "Landfall", a track from Mike Oldfield's Tres Lunas album.

Q: What is Female guards in Nazi concentration camps?
A: Female guards in Nazi concentration camps also called Aufseherin ([ˈaʊ̯fˌzeːəʁɪn], pl.

Q: What is Osu!?
A: osu! is a rhythm game made by Dean "Peppy" Herbert in 2007.

Q: What is Aardwolf?
A: The aardwolf (Proteles cristata) is a small, insectivore The aardwolf is in the same family as the hyenas.

Q: What is Asturleonese language?
A: Asturleonese () is a Romance language spoken mainly in the autonomous communities of Asturias, northwestern León and Cantabria, and also in some parts of Portugal.

Q: What is Space colonization?
A: 's plan to grow food on Mars such as O'Neill cylinder space settlements, as the one shown here Space colonization is the idea of humans living outside of Earth permanently.

Q: What is Capillas?
A: Capillas is a municipality found in the province of Palencia in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Q: What is Jean-Marc Ayrault?
A: Jean-Marc Ayrault (born 25 January 1950) is a French politician.

Q: What is Medal of Honor?
A: , Navy/Marine Corps and Air Force medals The Medal of Honor is the highest award given to members of the United States Military.

Q: What is Falklands War?
A: The Falklands War () was a war between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the Falkland Islands in 1982.

Q: What is Saint Emiliana?
A: Saint Emiliana was a Christian saint.

Q: What is Oise (disambiguation)?
A: Oise is a department in the north of France.

Q: What is Bernard Lacombe?
A: Bernard Lacombe (15 August 1952 – 17 June 2025) was a French footballer and manager.

Q: What is Plutonium?
A: Plutonium is the chemical element with the atomic number 94 and chemical symbol Pu.

Q: What is Eurovision Song Contest 1959?
A: The Eurovision Song Contest 1959 was the fourth edition of the annual Eurovision Song Contest.

Q: What is Night of Champions (2014)?
A: Night of Champions (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view and livestreaming show made by WWE.

Q: What is Cantar de mio Cid?
A: The Cantar de mio Cid (Song of My Lord) is an anonymously written poem about the life of the Spanish knight El Cid.

Q: What is Lovesexy?
A: Lovesexy is the tenth studio album by Prince.

Q: What is British Rail Class 40?
A: The British Rail Class 40 is a type of British railway diesel locomotive.

Q: What is Area code 914?
A: Area code 914 is an area code for New York.

Q: What is Arrigo Petacco?
A: Arrigo Petacco (7 August 1929 – 3 April 2018) was an Italian writer, historian and journalist.

Q: What is The Black Stallion (movie)?
A: The Black Stallion is a 1979 adventure movie directed by Carroll Ballard.

Q: What is Wilfried Hannes?
A: Wilfried Hannes (born 17 May 1957) is a former German football player.

Q: What is Knox County, Maine?
A: Knox County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States.

Q: What is Jordanian Uranium Mining Company?
A: Jordan Uranium Mining Company, established in 2013, is a private joint stock company wholly owned by the Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, represented through the Jordan Atomic Energy Commission.

Q: What is Meteor shower?
A: A meteor shower is an event when many meteors seem to come from one point in the night sky.

Q: What is Mount Shasta, California?
A: Mount Shasta is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Q: What is Sense Bank?
A: Sense Bank is a bank in Ukraine, which is part of the Russian holding company with an office in Luxembourg ABH Holdings S.A.

Q: What is Zach Edey?
A: Zachary Cheyne Edey (born May 14, 2002) is a Canadian professional basketball player.

Q: What is Last Vegas?
A: Last Vegas is a 2013 American comedy movie.

Q: What is Coursan?
A: Coursan is a commune of 5,908 people (2017).

Q: What is Desert Fathers?
A: icon of Anthony the Great Desert Fathers is the name for early Christian monks, who left the villages of Egypt, when Christans were persecuted under Diocletian.

Q: What is Robert J. Modrzejewski?
A: Robert Joseph Modrzejewski (born July 3, 1934) is a retired United States Marine Corps officer.

Q: What is Wayne Static?
A: Wayne Static (Wayne Richard Wells; November 4, 1965 &ndash; November 1, 2014) was an American musician, and the former lead vocalist, guitarist, keyboardist, and music sequencer for the metal band Static-X.

Q: What is HaAvoda?
A: HaAvoda, Hebrew: העבודה , meaning The Labor, (full name: Mifleget HaAvoda HaYisrelit, Hebrew: מפלגת העבודה הישראלית , meaning Israeli Labor Party, often called like that or just Labor Party) is an Israeli political party.

Q: What is Natalia Cigliuti?
A: Natalia Cigliuti (born September 6, 1978, New York City) is a television actress.

Q: What is Carole Hersee?
A: Carole Hersee (born 25 November 1958) is an English costume designer known for being the "Test Card Girl" on BBC.

Q: What is Jamestown, Virginia?
A: Jamestown is a town in the United States.

Q: What is Riomaggiore?
A: Riomaggiore () is an Italian comune in the Province of La Spezia, in the region of Liguria, Northern Italy.

Q: What is Jim Marurai?
A: Jim Marurai (9 July 1947 – 5 November 2020) was a Cook Islands politician.

Q: What is Mont-Saint-Michel, Quebec?
A: Mont-Saint-Michel is a municipality in the Laurentides region of Quebec, in Canada.

Q: What is Comedy drama?
A: Comedy drama, also called dramedy, is a style of television and movies when there are similar amounts of both humor and seriousness.

Q: What is Tommy Sale (rugby league)?
A: Tommy Sale (21 July 1918 &ndash; 3 January 2016) was an English rugby league player.

Q: What is LGBT rights in the United States?
A: Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) rights in the United States have developed over time.

Q: What is Pierrefitte-en-Cinglais?
A: Pierrefitte-en-Cinglais is a commune.

Q: What is Gaetano Donizetti?
A: Gaetano Donizetti (born Bergamo 29 November 1797; – Bergamo 8 April 1848) was an Italian composer.

Q: What is Amadeus Cho?
A: Amadeus Cho is a superhero in Marvel Comics.

Q: What is Luhman 16?
A: brown dwarf is the yellow disc at the center of this WISE image.

Q: What is Lydie Dooh Bunya?
A: Lydie Dooh Bunya (born in 1933 in Douala) is a Cameroonian feminist, journalist, and woman of letters.

Q: What is Vidal Sassoon?
A: Vidal Sassoon (17 January 1928 - 9 May 2012) was a married four times.

Q: What is Arthur Gardner?
A: Arthur Gardner (Arthur Goldberg; June 7, 1910 &ndash; December 19, 2014) was an retired-American actor and movie producer.

Q: What is Checker-throated stipplethroat?
A: The checker-throated antwren (Epinecrophylla fulviventris), also known as the fulvous-bellied antwren or checker-throated stipplethroat, is a small passerine bird in the antbird family.

Q: What is Kerch Polytechnic College massacre?
A: On 17 October 2018, a bomb attack and school shooting happened in the dining room and second floor of Kerch Polytechnic College in Kerch, Crimea.

Q: What is The Sailors of Kronstadt?
A: The Sailors of Kronstadt () is a 1936 Soviet war drama movie directed by Efim Dzigan.

Q: What is Solution (chemistry)?
A: In chemistry, a solution is a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances.

Q: What is Now You See Me (movie)?
A: Now You See Me is a 2013 American caper thriller movie.

Q: What is Josep Corominas i Busqueta?
A: Josep Corominas i Busqueta (24 March 1939 – 30 December 2020) was a Spanish physician and politician.

Q: What is Otar Patsatsia?
A: Otar Patsatsia () (May 15, 1929 – December 9, 2021) was a Georgian politician.

Q: What is British Rail Class 395?
A: The British Rail Class 395 are EMUs which run on the High Speed 1 railway line in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Wolfgang Nastainczyk?
A: Wolfgang Nastainczyk (1 January 1932 – 13 December 2019) was a German theologian, lecturer and priest.

Q: What is Tilopa?
A: Tilopa (Prakrit; Sanskrit: Talika or Tilopada, 988–1069) was a tantric practitioner and mahasiddha.

Q: What is Division of Riverina-Darling?
A: The Division of Riverina-Darling was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.

Q: What is Bell?
A: A bell is a simple musical instrument.

Q: What is Augst?
A: Augst (Swiss German: Augscht) is a municipality of the district Liestal in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.

Q: What is Somethin' Stupid?
A: "Somethin' Stupid" is a ballad written by C.

Q: What is Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing?
A: "Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing" is a 1968 song by Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell.

Q: What is Resident Evil 2 (2019 video game)?
A: Resident Evil 2, known in Japan as , is a 2019 survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom.

Q: What is Jean-François Hory?
A: Jean-François Hory (15 May 1949 – 28 December 2017) was a French politician.

Q: What is North Jutland (Folketing constituency)?
A: Infobox constituency |Municipality |Region |North Jutland North Jutland () is a constituency of Denmark.

Q: What is Smooth newt?
A: The Smooth Newt is a species of newts.

Q: What is Turk Broda?
A: Walter Edward “Turk” Broda (May 15, 1914 – October 17, 1972) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender for the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Q: What is Betty Reid Soskin?
A: Mark DeSaulnier in February 2020 Betty Reid Soskin (; September 22, 1921 &ndash; December 21, 2025) was an American National Park Ranger On March 31, 2022, Soskin retired from the National Park Service.

Q: What is Temporal lobe?
A: The temporal lobe is a region of the cerebral cortex that is under the Sylvian fissure on both cerebral hemispheres of the mammalian brain.

Q: What is Hum Ek Hain?
A: Hum Ek Hain is a Pakistani Urdu movie directed by Syed Noor which was released across theaters in Pakistan in November 2004.

Q: What is Jan Ekier?
A: Jan Stanisław Ekier (August 29, 1913 – August 15, 2014) was a Polish pianist and composer.

Q: What is Bellbird?
A: The bellbird is a bird native to Central and South America.

Q: What is Kunduz?
A: Kunduz (; ) also known as Kundûz, Qonduz, Qondûz, Konduz, Kondûz, Kondoz, or Qhunduz is a city in northern Afghanistan.

Q: What is Swiss Life?
A: The Swiss Life Group is the largest life insurance company of Switzerland and one of Europe’s leading comprehensive life and pensions and financial solutions providers, with approximately CHF 185 bn of assets under management.

Q: What is American Forces Network?
A: The United States Armed Forces Radio and Television Service is called American Forces Network (AFN).

Q: What is Cloud computing?
A: Cloud computing is when computing services are provided by a company or place outside of where they are being used.

Q: What is Tommy Rall?
A: Thomas Edward "Tommy" Rall (December 27, 1929 – October 6, 2020) was an American actor and dancer.

Q: What is Ragunda Municipality?
A: Ragunda Municipality () is a municipality in Jämtland County in northern Sweden.

Q: What is Alena Polozkova?
A: Alena Polozkova is a retired gymnast from Belarus.

Q: What is List of United States senators from Minnesota?
A: Minnesota was admitted to the Union on May 11, 1858.

Q: What is Choo Kyung-ho?
A: Choo Kyung-ho (Korean: 추경호, born 29 July 1960) is a South Korean economist and politician.

Q: What is Assane N'Doye?
A: Assane N'Doye is a judoka from Senegal.

Q: What is Louhossoa?
A: Louhossoa is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Donna Martell?
A: Donna Martell (born Irene Palma de Maria, December 24, 1927) is an American former actress.

Q: What is Linux (disambiguation)?
A: Linux may refer to: * Linux kernel, an operating system kernel developed by Linus Torvalds and many others * Linux operating system, a collection of libraries and tools and a Linux kernel, or the family of Linux operating systems, i.e.

Q: What is White-lined leaf frog?
A: The white-lined leaf frog or white-lined monkey frog (Phyllomedusa vaillantii) is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Guyana, French Guiana, Surinam, Colombia, and Brazil.

Q: What is Sławomir Chrzanowski?
A: Sławomir Chrzanowski is a retired cyclist from Poland.

Q: What is Fujita SC Mercury?
A: was a Japanese women's football team which played in Nadeshiko League.

Q: What is Obsidian Entertainment?
A: Obsidian Entertainment is an American video game developer.

Q: What is What I Like About You?
A: What I Like About You is an American television sitcoms that was originally aired on the CW from September 20, 2002 to March 24, 2006.

Q: What is Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyel?
A: Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyel, (1594–1651) known colloquially as The Bearded Lama, was a Tibetan Buddhist lama and the unifier of Bhutan as a nation-state.

Q: What is Loebner prize?
A: The Loebner prize is an award given out every year to a chatterbot.

Q: What is Mark Peploe?
A: Mark Peploe (3 March 1943 – 18 June 2025) was an English screenwriter and movie director.

Q: What is Darwin College, Cambridge?
A: Darwin College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England.

Q: What is Northrop Frye?
A: Herman Northrop Frye, CC, FRSC, usually called Northrop or Norrie, (July 14, 1912 – January 23, 1991) was a Canadian literary critic and literary theorist.

Q: What is Stoke-upon-Trent?
A: Stoke-upon-Trent is commonly called just "Stoke".

Q: What is Darwati?
A: Darwati was a female Indonesian athletics competitor from Jakarta.

Q: What is Christine Stix-Hackl?
A: Christine Stix-Hackl (13 November 1957 – 24 October 2018) was an Austrian jurist.

Q: What is Youth smoking?
A: claims that "He is verily not a brave man, if he cannot stand tobacco." Many people smoke.

Q: What is Chest of drawers?
A: A chest of drawers (also called a dresser) is a piece of furniture.

Q: What is Submarine?
A: submarine "USS Sea Owl" A submarine (or sub) is a vessel that goes underwater.

Q: What is Conker?
A: Live & Reloaded: Conker: Live and Reloaded (originally known as Conker: Live and Uncut, but it was actually more censored) is a platform game on the original Xbox.

Q: What is Lagenandra dewitii?
A: Lagenandra dewitii is a plant in the Araceae family.

Q: What is Sotho language?
A: Southern Sotho (Sesotho in Southern Sotho) is an African language mainly spoken by people living in Lesotho and the Free State Province of South Africa.

Q: What is Oberhavel?
A: Oberhavel is a Kreis (district) in the northern part of Brandenburg, Germany.

Q: What is Dumat Al-Jandal Wind Farm?
A: Dumat Al-Jandal Wind Farm is the first wind farm in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, located in Dumat Al-Jandal in the Al-Jouf region, northwest of Saudi Arabia, about 1046 km north of the capital Riyadh.

Q: What is Clionidae?
A: Clionoidae is a family of molluscs known as "sea angels".

Q: What is Kyiv offensive (2022)?
A: The Kyiv offensive (see offensive) was a theater during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine (which is ongoing, as of 2022's second quarter).

Q: What is Howard County, Missouri?
A: Howard County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is About a Girl (Nirvana song)?
A: "About a Girl" by the grunge band Nirvana is the third song on Nirvana's first album Bleach.

Q: What is David Spade?
A: David Wayne Spade (born July 22, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, writer, and television personality, known for his roles as Dennis Finch in Just Shoot Me!, Marcus Higgins in Grown Ups, and Russell Dunbar in Rules of Engagement.

Q: What is Entoku?
A: was a after Chōkyō and before Meio.

Q: What is Gramogram?
A: A gramogram is a type of rebus in which a letter or a string of letters is used to make words because the names of the letters sound like the word they represent.

Q: What is Voices (Hall & Oates album)?
A: Voices is the ninth studio album by American duo Hall & Oates and was released on 29 July, 1980.

Q: What is Sandalwood?
A: : For movies of the Indian state of Karnataka, see Sandalwood (cinema).

Q: What is Masafumi Akikawa?
A: Masafumi Akikawa is a Japanese tenor singer.

Q: What is TASS?
A: The Russian News Agency TASS, or simply TASS, is a Russian state-owned news agency.

Q: What is Dance Contest?
A: Dance Contest may refer to: * "Dance Contest", a 2007 episode of Drake & Josh * "Dance Contest", a 2007 episode of Zoey 101 * Eurovision Dance Contest, an international ballroom dancing competition.

Q: What is Second Person (band)?
A: Second Person was a British band formed in 2001 and performed until 2011, the 3 members were Julia Johnson, Mark Maclaine and Álvaro López.

Q: What is Castelnau-d'Aude?
A: Castelnau-d'Aude is a commune of 491 people (2017).

Q: What is Tryin' to Throw Your Arms Around the World?
A: "Tryin' to Throw Your Arms Around the World" is a 1991 song by Irish rock band U2 and is the ninth track from their seventh studio album Achtung Baby.

Q: What is 1991 Halloween Nor'easter?
A: The 1991 Halloween Nor’easter, also known as the Perfect Storm, was an atypical nor’easter which was extratropical, absorbed one hurricane, and ultimately evolved into a small hurricane late in its life cycle.

Q: What is Montgomery Ward?
A: Montgomery Ward was an American department store chain.

Q: What is Mertzen?
A: Mertzen is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Q: What is National Gallery of Art?
A: The National Gallery of Art is an art museum on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.

Q: What is Charles River?
A: The Charles River is a river that runs between Boston and Cambridge in Massachusetts.

Q: What is Thomas Wolsey?
A: Thomas Wolsey (born between 1471 and 1476 at Ipswich, Suffolk; died 29 November 1530) was an English statesman and archbishop.

Q: What is Vito Scotti?
A: Vito Giusto Scozzari (January 26, 1918 - June 5, 1996), known professionally as Vito Scotti, was an American character actor.

Q: What is British Rail Class 67?
A: The Class 67 locomotives are a type of Diesel electric locomotives built from 1999 to 2000 by Alstom in Valencia, Spain under sub-contract from General Motors Diesel in Canada.

Q: What is Wrestling Ernest Hemingway?
A: Wrestling Ernest Hemingway is a 1993 American romantic drama movie directed by Randa Haines and starring Sandra Bullock, Shirley MacLaine, Richard Harris, Piper Laurie, Robert Duvall.

Q: What is Socorro dove?
A: The Socorro dove (Zenaida graysoni) is a dove that was endemic to Socorro Island on the west coast of Mexico.

Q: What is Ryan Kiera Armstrong?
A: Ryan Kiera Armstrong (born March 10, 2010) is an American actress who played Charlie McGee from the 2022 Movie Called Firestarter.

Q: What is Newtown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania?
A: Newtown is a borough in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Q: What is Helen Levitt?
A: Helen Levitt (August 31, 1913 – March 29, 2009) was an American photographer.

Q: What is Kenneth Cope?
A: Kenneth Charles Cope (14 April 1931 &ndash; 11 September 2024) was an English actor.

Q: What is Jeanne Demessieux?
A: Jeanne Demessieux (born Montpellier, France, 13 February 1921; died Paris, 11 November 1968), was a French organist and composer.

Q: What is On Golden Pond (play)?
A: On Golden Pond is a 1979 play by Ernest Thompson.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Toulon?
A: The arrondissement of Toulon is an arrondissement of France, in the Var department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

Q: What is Johan Huizinga?
A: Johan Huizinga (7 December 1872 – 1 February 1945) was a Dutch historian, known as author of work The Autumn of the Middle Ages (1919).

Q: What is Sarah Ashton-Cirillo?
A: Sarah Ashton-Cirillo (born 9July 1977) is an American former journalist.

Q: What is Play for Today?
A: Play for Today is a British anthology drama television series that originally aired on BBC1 programming block from October 15, 1970 to August 28, 1984.

Q: What is Mandiraja?
A: Mandiraja is a sub-district in Banjarnegara Regency, Central Java, Indonesia.

Q: What is List of crossings of the River Thames?
A: This is a list of crossings of the River Thames including bridges, tunnels and ferries.

Q: What is Marc Alaimo?
A: Marc Alaimo (born Michael Anthony Alaimo; May 5, 1942) is an American actor.

Q: What is Arthur Christmas?
A: Arthur Christmas (originally called Operation Rudolph) is a 2011 computer-animated comedy-drama movie that was produced by Steve Pegram and was directed by Sarah Smith and Barry Cook.

Q: What is Robert Buckland?
A: Sir Robert James Buckland (born 22 September 1968) is a British politician.

Q: What is Sons of Liberty?
A: The Sons of Liberty was a secretive organization in Boston before and during the American Revolution.

Q: What is Proxima Centauri d?
A: Proxima Centauri d is a candidate planet to have been discovered in the Proxima Centauri system by the VLT-ESPRESSO spectrograph on the Very Large Telescope.

Q: What is Schwarzenburg District?
A: The district of Schwarzenburg in the Swiss canton of Bern has 4 municipalities in an area of 157 km².

Q: What is Panhandle?
A: of Oklahoma, with its panhandle marked in red A panhandle is a word used in geography to mean a narrow strip of land that is surrounded on all sides, except one, by one or more countries or regions.

Q: What is Sewanee, Tennessee?
A: Sewanee () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Franklin County, Tennessee, United States.

Q: What is Kate Moss?
A: function in Cape Town, 29 December 2005, photo by Deon Maritz Katherine Moss (born 16 January 1974), better known as Kate Moss, is an English model.

Q: What is Deidre Downs?
A: Deidre Downs Gunn (born July 7, 1980) is former Miss America winner and fertility specialist.

Q: What is Znaur Gassiev?
A: Znaur Nikolaevich Gassiev ( Znauyr Gassity, , ; 17 March 1925 &ndash; 6 March 2016) was a South Ossetian politician.

Q: What is Parallelism (grammar)?
A: Parallelism is a way of writing that uses a sentence (or part of a sentence) that is very much like the one before it.

Q: What is Rivella?
A: Rivella is a soft drink from Switzerland, created by Robert Barth in 1952, which is produced from milk whey, and therefore includes ingredients such as lactose, lactic acid and minerals.

Q: What is Once Sent from the Golden Hall?
A: Once Sent from the Golden Hall was the first album by death metal band CD and LP.

Q: What is Bhagavata Mela?
A: Bhagavata Mela is a classical Indian dance that is performed in Tamil Nadu, particularly the Thanjavur area.

Q: What is Ronnie Spector?
A: Veronica Yvette Greenfield (; August 10, 1943 &ndash; January 12, 2022) known as Ronnie Spector, was an American singer who was the lead singer of the group the Ronettes.

Q: What is Lème?
A: Lème is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Egon Schübeler?
A: Egon Schübeler (4 September 1927 – 20 January 2022) was a German politician.

Q: What is Thai National Anthem?
A: The national anthem of Thailand (, ) is a national song representing Thailand—then known as Siam—created in 1932.

Q: What is Rio (song)?
A: "Rio" is the seventh single by English new wave band Duran Duran and is the title track to their second album.

Q: What is John Lyly?
A: John Lyly (1553 or 1554 – November 1606; also spelled Lilly, Lylie, Lylly) was an English writer, dramatist, courtier, and parliamentarian.

Q: What is Sălaj County?
A: Sălaj is a county (județ) of Romania.

Q: What is Ender's Game?
A: Ender's Game (1985) is one of the most famous books written by Orson Scott Card.

Q: What is Grosswangen?
A: Grosswangen is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Q: What is Icelandic króna?
A: The Icelandic króna (ISK; plural krónur; króna means crown) is the currency used in Iceland.

Q: What is Desai Williams?
A: Desai Williams (June 12, 1959 &ndash; April 2022) was a Canadian sprinter.

Q: What is Idaho?
A: Idaho is a state in the northwestern United States, and was the 43rd state to join the union.

Q: What is Maharashtra?
A: Maharashtra is a state in Western India.

Q: What is Benadryl challenge?
A: tablets for adults is 1 to 2 tablets every 4 to 6 hours, and only 1 tablet every 4 to 6 hours for children under the age of 12.

Q: What is Fernando Capalla?
A: Fernando Robles Capalla (1 November 1934 – 6 January 2024) was a Roman Catholic archbishop of the Archdiocese of Davao.

Q: What is Molly's Game?
A: Molly's Game is a 2017 American biographical crime drama movie written and directed by Aaron Sorkin.

Q: What is Lier, Norway?
A: Lier is a municipality in Buskerud county, Norway.

Q: What is Next to Me (song)?
A: "Next to Me" is a 2012 romantic single from Emeli Sandé.

Q: What is The Gold Rush?
A: The Gold Rush is a 1925 silent movie.

Q: What is Ottenbach?
A: Ottenbach is the name of two municipalities in Europe: * Ottenbach, Baden-Württemberg, a municipality in the district of Göppingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany * Ottenbach, Switzerland, a municipality in the district of Affoltern in the canton of Zürich, Switzerland.

Q: What is José Santamaría?
A: José Santamaría (born 31 July 1929) is a former football player.

Q: What is Paul Prudhomme?
A: Paul Prudhomme (July 13, 1940 – October 8, 2015), also known as Gene Autry Prudhomme, was an American celebrity chef.

Q: What is Brother-in-law?
A: A brother-in-law is the brother of someone's wife or husband.

Q: What is Roland Burris?
A: Roland Wallace Burris (born August 3, 1937) is an American politician.

Q: What is Cumming, Georgia?
A: Cumming is a city in Forsyth County, in the northern part of Georgia, United States.

Q: What is Bonnie Bedelia?
A: Bonnie Bedelia Culkin, better known as Bonnie Bedelia (born March 25, 1948 in New York City), is an Americans.

Q: What is Manuel Ferrara?
A: Manuel Jeannin (; born 1 November 1975), known professionally as Manuel Ferrara, is a French-American pornographic actor and director.

Q: What is Binge drinking?
A: is traditionally a time when many drink excessive amounts of alcohol.

Q: What is Adolfo Ibáñez Boggiano?
A: Adolfo Ibáñez Boggiano (born 1980 - died 1949) was a Chilean businessman.

Q: What is Mittlerer Erzgebirgskreis Rural District?
A: The Mittlerer Erzgebirgskreis was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.

Q: What is Environmental factor?
A: An environmental factor (also called eco factor) is any factor which influences living organisms.

Q: What is Rouilly-Saint-Loup?
A: Rouilly-Saint-Loup is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France.

Q: What is Francisco López?
A: Francisco López is a table tennis player from Venezuela.

Q: What is Buergeria buergeri?
A: The Kajika frog or Bueger's frog (Buergeria buergeri) is a frog.

Q: What is Atlas Shrugged?
A: Atlas Shrugged is a book by the Russian American writer and social philosopher Ayn Rand.

Q: What is Rock?
A: Rock has several meanings: * Rock (geology), a hard substance made of minerals, often found in or on the ground * Rock music * Rock and roll music, a form of popular music that started in the 20th century.

Q: What is KZHT?
A: KZHT (97.1 FM) is a Top 40 (CHR) formatted radio station broadcasting to the Salt Lake City metropolitan area.

Q: What is Upton County, Texas?
A: Upton County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Laienspiegel?
A: es is an illustration from the Laienspiegel The work commonly referred to as Laienspiegel is a book of law.

Q: What is Insuetophrynus acarpicus?
A: Barrio's frog (Insuetophrynus acarpicus) is a frog.

Q: What is Zeekr?
A: Zeekr Intelligent Technology Holding Limited, trading as Zeekr () is a Chinese publicly listed automobile company and brand owned by Geely Automobile Holdings.

Q: What is Lauren Ridloff?
A: Lauren Ridloff (The Walking Dead.

Q: What is Melbourne Storm?
A: The Melbourne Storm are an Australian professional rugby league team.

Q: What is Vandal-resistant switch?
A: Vandal-resistant switches (sometimes referred to as vandal-proof switches or tamper-proof switches) are electrical switches that are designed to be so strong that people cannot break them.

Q: What is Foster Friess?
A: Foster Stephen Friess (April 2, 1940 – May 27, 2021) was an American investment manager and politician.

Q: What is Joey Lauren Adams?
A: Joey Lauren Adams (born January 9, 1968) is an American actress.

Q: What is Johnny Gottselig?
A: John Gottselig (24 June 1906 - 15 May 1986) was a professional ice hockey centre that played a combined 16 seasons with the Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL.

Q: What is UCLA Bruins men's basketball?
A: The UCLA Bruins men's basketball team is an American college basketball team.

Q: What is Hiroyuki Nakajo?
A: Hiroyuki Nakajo was a sports shooter from Japan.

Q: What is Mathieu de Costa?
A: Mathieu de Costa was the first known African to come to Canada, in the early 17th century.

Q: What is Beaumont-Hague?
A: Beaumont-Hague is a former commune.

Q: What is Theodore Katsanevas?
A: Theodore Katsanevas (; 13 March 1947 – 8 May 2021) was a Greek academic and politician.

Q: What is Totnes?
A: Totnes is a town in South Devon, South West England.

Q: What is Near Eastern archaeology?
A: Near Eastern archaeology is a regional branch of the wider, global discipline of archaeology.

Q: What is Chickasaw, Alabama?
A: Chickasaw is a city in Alabama in the United States.

Q: What is Dobromir Zhechev?
A: Dobromir Georgiev Zhechev (; 12 November 1942 – October 2025) was a Bulgarian footballer and manager.

Q: What is COVID-19 pandemic in Laos?
A: The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Laos on 24 March 2020, becoming the last Southeast Asian country to report its first case.

Q: What is Ben Mezrich?
A: Ben Mezrich is an American Jewish writer.

Q: What is Karishma Tanna?
A: Karishma Tanna Bangera (born 21 December 1983) is an Indian actress, model and anchor who predominantly works in Hindi films and television shows.

Q: What is Peoples of Balkan in Turkey?
A: Peoples of Balkan in Turkey, (Turkish: Balkan Muhacirleri or Balkan Göçmenleri) are Rumelian-Turks like the Balkans-Yörüks and Gajal and other ethnic Non Turks Balkan peoples, the Muslim Slavs like Pomak, Gorani, Bosniaks, Torbesh, Chitatsi, Non Slavs Muslim like Patriyotlar, Nantinets, Albanians and Xoraxane Roma who are Muslims, living in Turkey.

Q: What is Anatole France?
A: (; born , ; 16 April 1844 – 12 October 1924) was a French poet, critic, and novelist.

Q: What is Leandro (footballer, born 1959)?
A: José Leandro Ferreira (born 17 March 1959) is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Donna Leon (TV series)?
A: Donna Leon is a German procedural television series that was originally aired on ARD from October 12, 2000 to December 25, 2019.

Q: What is Royapuram railway station?
A: The Royapuram railway station is a train station at Royapuram.

Q: What is Kaipara ki Mahurangi?
A: Kaipara ki Mahurangi is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Q: What is That Don't Impress Me Much?
A: "That Don't Impress Me Much" is the seventh single off of Canadian country singer Shania Twain's third studio album Come On Over.

Q: What is Bitch (Rolling Stones song)?
A: "Bitch" is a 1971 song by The Rolling Stones and taken from their album Sticky Fingers.

Q: What is 1001?
A: 1001 (MI) was a common year starting on Wednesday in the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Ahmed Lemu?
A: Ahmed Lemu (21 December 1929) was a Nigerian Islamic scholar, educationist and jurist, who was the first grand khadi and chief justice of Niger State, Nigeria.

Q: What is The Sonics?
A: The Sonics are an American garage rock band from Tacoma, Washington.

Q: What is Time travel?
A: Time travel is the idea of going back in time to the past or forward to the future.

Q: What is North Vancouver (city)?
A: The City of North Vancouver is a city north of Vancouver that has beaches, etc.

Q: What is Cyllene (moon)?
A: Cyllene or , is a moon of Jupiter.

Q: What is The Woman on the Beach?
A: The Woman on the Beach is a 1947 American crime drama movie directed by Jean Renoir and was based on the 1945 novel None So Blind.

Q: What is 28?
A: 28 is a year in the 1st century.

Q: What is Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger?
A: Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger is a Japanese television series.

Q: What is Martinsville, Indiana?
A: Martinsville is a city of Morgan County in the state of Indiana in the United States.

Q: What is Broccoli?
A: Broccoli is a plant from the species: Brassica oleracea.

Q: What is Daniel Aminati?
A: Daniel Aminati (9 September 1973 in Aachen) is a German television presenter, singer and actor.

Q: What is Edward Glen?
A: Edward Glen (born November 27, 1966) is a Canadian actor.

Q: What is Trichome?
A: Trichomes are structures on a plant's leaves.

Q: What is Patronymic?
A: A patronymic, or patronym, is a part of a personal name that comes from the given name of someone's father, grandfather, or an earlier male ancestor.

Q: What is Turco-Mongol?
A: , a Turco-Mongol king Turco-Mongol, or Turko-Mongol, tradition was a cultural synthesis that emerged between the Mongol and Turkic rulers in the 13th century.

Q: What is River Adur?
A: The River Adur is a river in the county of Sussex, in England.

Q: What is Public university?
A: A public university is a university that is given money by the public or the government.

Q: What is All Mod Cons?
A: All Mod Cons is the third studio album by the English band the Jam.

Q: What is Pee-wee's Big Holiday?
A: Pee-wee's Big Holiday is a 2016 American adventure comedy movie.

Q: What is The Fall of Hyperion?
A: The Fall of Hyperion is the second science fiction book in his Hyperion Cantos series by Dan Simmons.

Q: What is Princess Désirée, Baroness Silfverschiöld?
A: Princess Désirée, Baroness Silfverschiöld (Désirée Elisabeth Sibylla; born 2 June 1938) is the third child of Prince Gustaf Adolf, Duke of Västerbotten, and Princess Sibylla of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and granddaughter of King Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden.

Q: What is 1909 Cherry Mine disaster?
A: The 1909 Cherry Mine disaster was a fire that occurred in Cherry, Illinois on November 13, 1909 in the Cherry Coal mine.

Q: What is Trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine?
A: Trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine (TFMPP) is an organic chemical substance.

Q: What is Izates II?
A: Izates II (1-54 CE) was the Parthian client kingdom of Adiabene king from 30 to 54.

Q: What is Chenglei Ipan Lanthaba?
A: Chenglei Ipan Lanthaba was a king of the Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Kangleipak (early Manipur) who ruled from 948 CE to 968 CE.

Q: What is Janina Suchorzewska?
A: Janina Stefania Suchorzewska, pseudonym Myszka (born née Tatarkiewicz 31 March 1930 Warsaw - 20 April 2021 Gdynia) was a Polish anesthesiologist, scout, and participant of the Warsaw Uprising.

Q: What is Louise of Sweden?
A: Louise of Sweden (; 31 October 1851 – 20 March 1926) was Queen of Denmark from 1906 until 1912 as the spouse of King Frederick VIII.

Q: What is Edna Krabappel?
A: Edna Krabappel is a fictional character in the television show The Simpsons.

Q: What is Borlänge HK?
A: Borlänge HK is a handball club in the town of Borlänge in Sweden.

Q: What is British Rail Class 71?
A: The British Rail Class 71 was an electric locomotive used on the Southern Region of British Railways.

Q: What is Rolando García (Chilean footballer)?
A: Rolando Moisés García Jiménez (born 15 December 1942) is a former Chilean footballer.

Q: What is Mohammed Nasim?
A: Mohammed Nasim (2 April 1948 – 13 June 2020) was a Bangladeshi Awami League politician.

Q: What is Neville Marriner?
A: Sir Neville Marriner (15 April 1924 &ndash; 2 October 2016) was an English conductor and violinist.

Q: What is Aérospatiale SA-341 Gazelle?
A: {| |} The Aérospatiale SA-341 Gazelle is a French helicopter designed and built by Aérospatiale.

Q: What is Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee?
A: Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee was a municipality in Wangen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is West Line, Missouri?
A: West Line is a village in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Q: What is Akkrum?
A: Akkrum is a village that lies in the municipality of Heerenveen, which is in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.

Q: What is Region of Southern Denmark?
A: The Region of Southern Denmark is an administrative region of Denmark.

Q: What is T-bone steak?
A: The T-bone and porterhouse are cuts of beef.

Q: What is Boat positions?
A: The front of a boat is called the bow, while the rear of a boat is called the stern.

Q: What is Netta Barzilai?
A: Netta Barzilai (; born 22 January 1993), sometimes known as simply Netta, is an Israeli singer and artist.

Q: What is Rohit?
A: Rohit is a given name, usually for males.

Q: What is Bo Holmström?
A: Bo Erik Holmström (18 October 1938 &ndash; 13 October 2017) was a Swedish journalist, reporter and author.

Q: What is Frutigen-Niedersimmental (administrative district)?
A: The administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 13 municipalities in an area of 774 km².

Q: What is Talus?
A: The talus is the second largest of the seven tarsal (ankle) bones.

Q: What is Ishan Kishan?
A: Ishan Pranav Kumar Pandey Kishan (born 18 July 1998) is an Indian cricketer who represents the Indian national cricket team.

Q: What is Andy Millen?
A: Andrew "Andy" Frank Millen (born 10 June 1965, in Glasgow) is a Scottish retired professional footballer who played in defence.

Q: What is The Triumph of the Snake Goddess?
A: The Triumph of the Snake Goddess is an Indo-centric epic tradition.

Q: What is Pakistan Declaration?
A: The Pakistan Declaration (titled Now or Never; Are We to Live or Perish Forever?) was a pamphlet published in January 1933 by Choudhary Rahmat Ali in which the word Pakistan was used for the first time.

Q: What is Gibloux?
A: Gibloux is a new municipality of the district of Saane in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.

Q: What is Case Keenum?
A: Casey Austin Keenum (born February 17, 1988) is an American football quarterback for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Self-care?
A: Self-care is the process of taking care of your own health on a physical and psychological level.

Q: What is 55th parallel north?
A: The 55th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 55 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane.

Q: What is Whoops Apocalypse (movie)?
A: Whoops Apocalypse is a 1986 ITC Entertainment film directed by Tom Bussmann and starring Loretta Swit, Herbert Lom, and Peter Cook.

Q: What is Yamagata Aritomo?
A: was a Field Marshal in the Imperial Japanese Army.

Q: What is Villanueva de Duero?
A: Villanueva de Duero is a municipality of 1,238 people (2022).

Q: What is Italian Union Movement?
A: Italian Union Movement ( - MUI) is a political party in Italy.

Q: What is Nevado Tres Cruces?
A: Nevado Tres Cruces is a massif in the Andes range, in Argentina and Chile.

Q: What is Alvin Baldus?
A: Alvin James Baldus (April 27, 1926 &ndash; February 2, 2017) was an American politician.

Q: What is List of programs broadcast by MyNetworkTV?
A: ==Currently Airing Off-Network Repeats== *Mondays: **Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (2011–18; 2019–present) *Tuesdays: **Cold Case (2011–12) *Wednesdays: **Burn Notice (2010–12) *Thursdays: **Without a Trace (2009–12) *Fridays: **Monk (2010–14).

Q: What is Alien Nation (movie)?
A: Alien Nation is a 1988 American science fiction action movie directed by Graham Baker and starring James Caan, Mandy Patinkin, Terence Stamp, Kevyn Major Howard, Leslie Bevis, Peter Jason, Roger Aaron Brown, Jeff Kober.

Q: What is Eddy Kaspard?
A: Eddy Helfara Aru Kaspard (27 May 2001 – 14 August 2025) was a Tahitian footballer.

Q: What is Mick Mars?
A: Robert Alan Deal known professionally as Mick Mars, is an American musician best known as the former lead guitarist and co-founder of the heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, being the oldest of the four original members.

Q: What is Area code 908?
A: Area code 908 is a telephone area code in the state of New Jersey, United States.

Q: What is .kkrieger?
A: .kkrieger (from Krieger, German for warrior) is a first-person shooter video game made by German demogroup .theprodukkt (previously part of Farbrausch).

Q: What is Queen Kong (1976 movie)?
A: Queen Kong is a 1976 German-Italian-British parody giant monster horror musical film directed by Frank Angrama produced by Dexter Film London and Harmony Gold and distributed by Constantin Film in December 10, 1976 and DVD by Retromedia was released in United States from April 22, 2003 and United Kingdom was not yet released until in August 12, 2015.

Q: What is Pastel?
A: A pastel is an art color in the form of a stick.

Q: What is Tropical Depression Seven (2003)?
A: Tropical Depression Seven was a weak tropical depression that formed near the northeast Florida coast.

Q: What is Roscoe Born?
A: Roscoe Conklin Born (November 24, 1950 – March 3, 2020) was an Daytime Emmy and Santa Barbara and The Young and the Restless.

Q: What is Bausch & Lomb?
A: Bausch and Lomb was an eye care products company that morphed into Ray-Ban.

Q: What is Roland Alpha Juno?
A: Roland Alpha Juno is a series of synthesizer keyboards.

Q: What is Raorchestes leucolatus?
A: Roarchestes leucolatus is a frog.

Q: What is The Shuffles?
A: The Shuffles were a Dutch pop band formed in Rosmalen, North Brabant.

Q: What is World Trade Center site?
A: attack The World Trade Center site refers to the area of land in Lower Manhattan in New York City, that hosted both the original and new World Trade Centers.

Q: What is State Library of Victoria?
A: The State Library of Victoria is the main library of the state of Victoria, Australia.

Q: What is Kwon Un-sil?
A: Kwon Un-sil (born September 17, 1983) is an archer from North Korea.

Q: What is Belize at the Olympics?
A: Belize was first at the Olympic Games in 1968.

Q: What is Kosciuszko National Park?
A: Kosciuszko National Park is a national park in the Australian state of New South Wales, Australia and is the largest national park in New South Wales and the tallest in Australia, home to the highest peak of Australia; Mt.

Q: What is Claire King?
A: Jayne Claire King (born Jayne Claire Seed; 10 January 1962) is an English actress.

Q: What is Nesselwang?
A: Nesselwang is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Q: What is Bletchley Park?
A: Bletchley Park is an estate in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England.

Q: What is Voices of Spring (1952 movie)?
A: Voices of Spring (German: Frühlingsstimmen) is a 1952 Austrian musical movie directed by Hans Thimig and starring Paul Hörbiger, Hans Jaray, Senta Wengraf, Fritz von Friedl, Susi Nicoletti, Christl Mardayn, Adrienne Gessner.

Q: What is X chromosome?
A: s The X chromosome is one of the two sex chromosomes in mammals.

Q: What is Premier of Ontario?
A: The Premier of Ontario is the head of the government of Ontario, Canada.

Q: What is Shetland (TV series)?
A: Shetland is a Scottish crime drama television series that was originally aired on BBC One since 10 March 2013.

Q: What is Schollbrunn?
A: Schollbrunn is a community in the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Kreuzwertheim.

Q: What is Edmond Keosayan?
A: Edmond Keosayan (; Leninakan, now Gyumri, October 9, 1936 - Moscow, April 21, 1994) was an Armenian Soviet movie director and musician.

Q: What is Nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah?
A: "Nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah" is the lexigraphic representation of a common children's chant.

Q: What is Bianca (moon)?
A: Bianca is a closer moon to Cressida, Desdemona, Juliet, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita (moon) At the Voyager 2 images Bianca appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards uranus (planet).

Q: What is Eric Shinseki?
A: Eric Ken Shinseki (born November 28, 1942) is a retired United States Army four-star general who was serving as the 7th United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs.

Q: What is Freida Pinto?
A: Freida Selena Pinto (born 18 October 1984) is an Indian actress.

Q: What is The Chronic?
A: The Chronic is the first studio album from Dr.

Q: What is Does This Look Infected??
A: Does This Look Infected? is the second studio album by Canadian punk rock band, Sum 41.

Q: What is Thomas Struth?
A: Thomas Struth (born 11 October 1954) is a German photographer.

Q: What is Spirit?
A: A spirit, otherwise referred to as a phantom, is considered to be the part of a being that is not the body.

Q: What is Oktibbeha County, Mississippi?
A: Oktibbeha County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Rona Anderson?
A: Rona Anderson (3 August 1926 &ndash; 23 July 2013) was a Scottish actress.

Q: What is Bonnie Pointer?
A: Patricia Eva "Bonnie" Pointer (July 11, 1950 – June 8, 2020) was an American singer.

Q: What is Claudio Scimone?
A: Claudio Scimone (23 December 1934 – 6 September 2018) was an Italian conductor.

Q: What is LGBT rights in Thailand?
A: Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Thailand may face legal challenges that non-LGBT residents don't have to.

Q: What is Bomb?
A: A bomb is an explosive object that makes and lets out its energy very quickly.

Q: What is Chicago Harbor?
A: Chicago Harbor is made up of the public rivers, canals, and lakes within the territorial limits of Chicago.

Q: What is Notes on Nationalism?
A: Notes on Nationalism is a well-known essay written by George Orwell.

Q: What is Samantha Smith?
A: Samantha Reed Smith (June 29, 1972 &ndash; August 25, 1985) was an American schoolgirl, peace activist, and child actress.

Q: What is Mount Horeb, Wisconsin?
A: Mount Horeb is a village in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States.

Q: What is Palestinian Mujahideen Movement?
A: The Palestinian Mujahideen Movement ) is one of the most prominent Islamic armed Al-Aqsa Intifada).

Q: What is Cynanchum laeve?
A: Sand Vine (Cynanchum laeve) is a species of plant.

Q: What is Joseph Deiss?
A: Joseph Deiss (born January 18, 1946) is a Swiss politician.

Q: What is Michael Herr?
A: Michael David Herr (April 13, 1940 – June 23, 2016) was an American writer and war correspondent.

Q: What is 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference?
A: The 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference, also known as COP26, was the 26th United Nations Climate Change conference.

Q: What is Yemva?
A: Yemva (; ) is a town in the Komi Republic, Russia.

Q: What is Schopfheim?
A: Schopfheim is a town in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Q: What is Planetarium?
A: { |- | {| |- |Inside the Belgrade Planetarium, Serbia |- | |(before a presentation) |- | |- |(during a presentation) |} |} A planetarium is a theater built to show educational and entertaining presentations about astronomy and the night sky.

Q: What is Eve (Bible)?
A: (1507) In the Book of Genesis, Eve is the world’s first woman created by God to be a wife to Adam.

Q: What is Powell, Wyoming?
A: Powell is a city in Park County, Wyoming, United States.

Q: What is Evair?
A: Evair Aparecido Paulino (born 21 February 1965) is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Dana Perino?
A: Dana Marie Perino (born May 9, 1972) is an American journalist.

Q: What is Aar de Goede?
A: Arie "Aar" de Goede (21 May 1928 &ndash; 16 May 2016) was a House of Representatives (1967–1973), European Parliament (1979–1984) and State Secretary of Finance between 1973 and 1977.

Q: What is Knitting machine?
A: Knitting machines are used to make knitted cloth for clothing or household items.

Q: What is Thirty-Nine Articles?
A: The Thirty-Nine Articles are the historic statements of Anglican beliefs.

Q: What is You Really Got Me?
A: "You Really Got Me" is a 1964 song by British band The Kinks and was taken from their debut studio album Kinks.

Q: What is Naval architecture?
A: Naval architecture, or naval engineering, is a type of engineering that includes parts of mechanical, electrical, electronic, software, and safety engineering.

Q: What is The KLF?
A: The KLF were a band from England.

Q: What is Allen Americans?
A: The Allen Americans are an American professional ice hockey team.

Q: What is Dustin Pedroia?
A: Dustin Luis Pedroia (born August 17, 1983 in Woodland, California) is a Major League Baseball player for the Boston Red Sox.

Q: What is Shaligram?
A: A shaligram, or shaligrama shila, is a fossilized stone or ammonite collected from the riverbed or banks of the Kali Gandaki, a tributary of the Gandaki River in Nepal.

Q: What is Kappel?
A: Kappel can be one of four places: In Switzerland: * Kappel, Switzerland, a municipality of the canton of Solothurn * Kappel am Albis, a municipality of the canton of Zurich * Ebnat-Kappel, a municipality of the canton of St.

Q: What is Bhati (Gurjar clan)?
A: Bhati is also a clan of the Hindus of India and Pakistan.

Q: What is Urban Cowboy?
A: Urban Cowboy After moving to Pasadena, Texas, cowboy Bud Davis (John Travolta) starts hanging out at a bar called Glaze, where he falls for Sissy (Debra Winger), a cowgirl who believes the sexes are equal.

Q: What is Districts of Wales?
A: In 1974, Wales was re-divided for local government purposes into thirty-seven districts.

Q: What is Andy Thomas?
A: Andrew Sydney Withiel Thomas (born December 18, 1951) is an Australian-American aerospace engineer and NASA astronaut.

Q: What is Mauritania?
A: Mauritania is a country in northwest Africa.

Q: What is Shia Islam?
A: Shia Islam (, ) is a sect of Islam and believes that Prophet Muhammad was commanded by Allah to choose Ali as caliph, his successor, Muhammad's cousin and son-in-law, and his descendants, and that Muhammad publicly declared it during his last sermon after the Hajj at Ghadir Khumm.

Q: What is Joey Logano?
A: Joseph Thomas Logano (born May 27, 1990) is an American racecar driver who drives the No.

Q: What is Transitional Islamic State of Afghanistan?
A: The Transitional Islamic State of Afghanistan (TISA), also known as the Afghan Transitional Authority, was the name of a temporary administration of Afghanistan put in place by the loya jirga of June 2002.

Q: What is Etelä-Suomen Sanomat?
A: Etelä-Suomen Sanomat, nickname Etlari, is a newspaper published in Finland.

Q: What is Missouri's 8th congressional district?
A: Missouri's 8th congressional district is a congressional district in the state of Missouri.

Q: What is Rahul Gandhi?
A: Rahul Gandhi (born 19 June 1970) is politician and member of the political party Congress party.

Q: What is Kookaburra Sport?
A: Kookaburra Sport is an Australian company named after an Australian bird related to the kingfisher, which eats snakes and is, therefore, very valuable to the Australians.

Q: What is War bride?
A: , in 1945 During war, or when a country is occupied, many people who serve in the military are present in that country.

Q: What is Province of Trento?
A: The Province of Trento (), also called Trentino, is an autonomous province of Italy.

Q: What is Street, Somerset?
A: Street is a village in Somerset, England, UK.

Q: What is Voiced velar lateral approximant?
A: The voiced velar lateral approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages.

Q: What is Villiers-Saint-Denis?
A: Villiers-Saint-Denis is a commune.

Q: What is Storm surge?
A: A storm surge is a sudden rise of water hitting areas close to the coast.

Q: What is Roaring Forties?
A: The Roaring Forties are strong westerly winds.

Q: What is Single (baseball)?
A: A single is when the batter safely reaches first base by hitting a fair ball and getting to first base before a fielder puts him out.

Q: What is Liaquat Ali Khan?
A: Nawabzada Liaquat Ali Khan (, ', October 1, 1895 – October 16, 1951) was a Pakistani politician.

Q: What is Jonathan Tunick?
A: Jonathan Tunick (born April 19, 1938) is an American orchestrator, musical director, and composer.

Q: What is Arrondissements of the Nord department?
A: There are 6 arrondissements in the Nord department.

Q: What is William Hooper?
A: William Hooper (June 17, 1742–October 14, 1790), was an American lawyer, politician, and a member of the Continental Congress representing North Carolina from 1774 through 1777.

Q: What is Qumran?
A: Qumran is an archaeological site in the West Bank, State of Palestine.

Q: What is Bangladesh Liberation War?
A: The Bangladesh Liberation War ( Muktijuddho) was a revolutionary war for the independence of Bangladesh in 1971.

Q: What is Gianni Rodari?
A: Gianni Rodari (23 October 1920 in Omegna (Novara) - 14 April 1980 in Rome) was an Italian writer.

Q: What is List of governors of Mississippi?
A: The governor of Mississippi is the head of the executive branch of Mississippi's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

Q: What is Erezée?
A: Erezée is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

Q: What is Soda Springs, Idaho?
A: Soda Springs is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Q: What is SWV?
A: SWV (Sisters with Voices) are an African American girl group that sing R&B music.

Q: What is Easter Island?
A: Easter Island is a Polynesian island in the southeastern Pacific Ocean.

Q: What is Flynn effect?
A: There is a rise in average IQ scores since the beginning of measurements.

Q: What is Sowing Season?
A: "Sowing Season", also named "Sowing Season (Yeah)", is a song by Brand New.

Q: What is Amorots-Succos?
A: Amorots-Succos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Moira Yip?
A: Moira Yip is a British linguist.

Q: What is Dante Caputo?
A: Dante Mauricio Caputo (25 November 1943 &ndash; 20 June 2018) was an Argentine academic and politician.

Q: What is Camellia sasanqua?
A: Camellia sasanqua (often called the sasanqua camellia) is a species of plant in the genus Camellia.

Q: What is Vermes, Switzerland?
A: Vermes was a municipality in district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Q: What is Chicopee, Massachusetts?
A: Chicopee ( ) is a city in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States.

Q: What is Terrifier 3?
A: Terrifier 3 is an American Christmas slasher movie written and directed by Damien Leone.

Q: What is The Rescuers?
A: The Rescuers is a 1977 American animated comedy-drama adventure movie.

Q: What is The Narrator (Fight Club)?
A: The Narrator is the unnamed protagonist and unreliable narrator of the 1996 book Fight Club and it's 1999 movie version.

Q: What is Henryk Rozmiarek?
A: Henryk Rozmiarek (13 January 1949 – 10 March 2021) was a Polish handball player.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Alès?
A: The arrondissement of Alès is an arrondissement of France, in the Gard department, Occitanie region.

Q: What is Kerry Katona?
A: Kerry Jayne Elizabeth Katona (born 6 September 1980 in Warrington, Cheshire, England) is an English television presenter, magazine columnist, actress and former pop singer with girl group Atomic Kitten.

Q: What is Brooklyn (disambiguation)?
A: Brooklyn is one of the five boroughs of New York City.

Q: What is Şanlıurfa?
A: Şanlıurfa is a city in southeastern Turkey.

Q: What is Kaduna State?
A: Kaduna State is one of the states in the central northern region of Nigeria.

Q: What is Joe Pesci?
A: Joseph Frank "Joe" Pesci (born February 9, 1943) is an American actor.

Q: What is Lexington Avenue–63rd Street station?
A: Lexington Avenue - 63rd Street , formerly Lexington Avenue is a New York City Subway station in Lenox Hill, Manhattan shared by IND and BMT 63rd Street Lines.

Q: What is Mahidol University?
A: Mahidol University is a public research university located in Bangkok, Thailand.

Q: What is Patti Page?
A: Clara Ann Fowler, better known as Patti Page, (November 8, 1927 - January 1, 2013) was an American singer.

Q: What is Ahmed Abu Laban?
A: Ahmad Abu Laban (born 1946 - 1 February 2007) was the leader of an organisation called Islamisk Trossamfund Ahmad was born in Palestine.

Q: What is Mardan Tehsil?
A: Mardan () is a city and headquarters of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Q: What is Qarabağ FK?
A: Qarabağ Futbol Klubu (usually just called Qarabağ) is a professional association football club from Baku, Azerbaijan.

Q: What is Ford Galaxy?
A: The Ford Galaxy is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1995 to the present day.

Q: What is Cavaliers?
A: Cavaliers was a nickname for the people who fought for King Charles I of England during the English Civil War.

Q: What is Phylicia Rashad?
A: Phylicia Rashād ( ) (née Ayers-Allen; born June 19, 1948) is an American actress, singer and theatre director.

Q: What is Saint-Pierre-d'Irube?
A: Saint-Pierre-d&#39;Irube is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Ron Rivera?
A: Ronald Eugene Rivera (born January 7, 1962) is an American football coach.

Q: What is Pope Callixtus II?
A: Calixtus II (or Calistus II) (died 13 December 1124), born Guy de Burgundy, the fourth son of William I, Count of Burgundy, was elected Pope on 1 February 1119 after the death of Pope Gelasius II.

Q: What is Charcoal?
A: Charcoal is a carbon-containing substance made from wood, naturally black and powdery.

Q: What is Seattle–Tacoma International Airport?
A: Seattle–Tacoma International Airport , also called Sea–Tac Airport or Sea–Tac (), is the airport in SeaTac, Washington for Seattle, Washington.

Q: What is Simon Eine?
A: Simon Eine (8 August 1936 – 30 September 2020) was a French actor and comedian.

Q: What is Cadmium sulfate?
A: Cadmium sulfate is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Patty Mills?
A: Patrick Sammy "Patty" Mills (born 11 August 1988) is an Australian professional basketball player.

Q: What is A Touch of Paradise?
A: "A Touch of Paradise" is a 1982 song by Australian rock band Mondo Rock for their third studio album Nuovo Mondo.

Q: What is Joo Se-hyuk?
A: Joo Sae-hyuk (right-handed player and uses the Shakehand-grip.

Q: What is Terry Reid?
A: Terrance James Reid (13 November 1949 – 4 August 2025) was an English rock singer-songwriter, and guitarist.

Q: What is Middle East?
A: The Middle East is a large area of land in the eastern hemisphere.

Q: What is Pankow?
A: Pankow [] is one of the new borough of Berlin.

Q: What is Nigel Lawson?
A: Nigel Lawson, Baron Lawson of Blaby PC (11 March 1932 &ndash; 3 April 2023) was a British educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford, where he got a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics.

Q: What is List of football clubs in France?
A: These are some French football (soccer) teams that now (2025-2026) playing in a professional category.

Q: What is Joel Ward?
A: Joel Ward (born December 2, 1980 in North York, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger that currently plays for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Sprinkler truck?
A: The sprinkler truck is a special vehicle for efficient washing operations.

Q: What is Taunton, Massachusetts?
A: Taunton is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.

Q: What is Feces?
A: Feces (or faeces), also called poo, poop, or stool is the body's solid waste left over from eating food.

Q: What is Prime Minister of Norway?
A: The prime minister of Norway (, literally the "minister of the state") is the head of the government of Norway and the most powerful person in Norwegian politics.

Q: What is Negev tortoise?
A: The Negev tortoise (Testudo werneri) is a tortoise found mainly in the Negev desert in southern Israel.

Q: What is Robert II, Count of Namur?
A: Robert II of Namur was count of Namur from the death of his father in 1011 to some time between 1018 and 1031.

Q: What is Masakazu Sekiguchi?
A: is a Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party who has been the President of the House of Councillors since 2024.

Q: What is Odir Rocha?
A: Manoel Odir Rocha (12 February 1941 – 4 May 2022) was a Brazilian politician.

Q: What is 2023 South Korea floods?
A: A lot of rain during the 2023 East Asian rainy season caused very bad flooding and landslides across South Korea.

Q: What is Samaná Bay?
A: Samaná Bay (Spanish, Bahía de Samaná) is a big bay in the northeast of the Dominican Republic, south of the Samaná Peninsula.

Q: What is Ganja-Gazakh Economic Region?
A: The Ganja-Gazakh Economic Region is one of ten economic regions in Azerbaijan.

Q: What is WordPress Foundation?
A: WordPress Foundation is a non-profit organization that was set up to support the open-source WordPress project.

Q: What is Juke Girl?
A: Juke Girl is a 1942 American crime drama mystery movie directed by Curtis Bernhardt.

Q: What is Ryan Drummond?
A: Ryan Drummond (born January 10, 1973) is an American actor, voice actor, mime and comedian.

Q: What is Ethelred the Unready?
A: Athelred II (13 March 968 — 23 April 1016) nicknamed the Unready was the King of England twice.

Q: What is Junípero Serra High School (San Mateo, California)?
A: Junípero Serra High School (commonly Serra or JSHS) is a Catholic all-male high school in San Mateo, California, United States.

Q: What is ROXs 42Bb?
A: ROxs 42Bb is an enormous gas giant exoplanet.

Q: What is Bonnerichthys?
A: Bonnerichthys is an extinct, prehistoric pachycormiform in the family Pachycormidae from the Late Cretaceous of North America.

Q: What is Blade (character)?
A: Blade (real name Eric Brooks), also known as the Daywalker, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.

Q: What is Ernest J. Gaines?
A: Ernest James Gaines (January 15, 1933 – November 5, 2019) was an American writer.

Q: What is Foreign relations of Vanuatu?
A: Vanuatu has diplomatic relations with more than 65 countries.

Q: What is Val Grande National Park?
A: The Val Grande National Park is a national park in Italy in the northern part of Piedmont near the border with Switzerland, in the province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola.

Q: What is Karnah Tehsil?
A: Karnah () is an administrative tehsil of the Kupwara district in Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Q: What is We Found Love?
A: "We Found Love" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna.

Q: What is Cheitharol Kumbaba?
A: The Cheitharol Kumbaba, originally spelt as the Cheithalol Kumpapa, is a Meitei language royal court chronicle of the rulers of the Ningthouja dynasty of Manipur kingdom.

Q: What is Crane, Oregon?
A: Crane is a census-designated place in Oregon in the United States.

Q: What is Computer recycling?
A: Computer recycling means taking things from old computers and using them in new computer things.

Q: What is Télétoon+?
A: Télétoon+ (formerly Télétoon) is a French pay television channel for children aged 2 to 12, owned by the Groupe Canal+.

Q: What is John Ward (New Zealand cricketer)?
A: John Thomas Ward (11 March 1937 – 12 January 2021) was a New Zealand cricketer.

Q: What is List of municipalities in New Jersey?
A: This is a list of the 564 municipalities in the U.S.

Q: What is Nava Arad?
A: Nava Arad (; 4 December 1938 – 21 February 2022) was an Israeli Labor Party politician.

Q: What is Soekarno–Hatta International Airport?
A: Soekarno–Hatta International Airport () , abbreviated SHIA, is an airport in Indonesia.

Q: What is Captain Jack (Billy Joel song)?
A: "Captain Jack" is a 1973 song by Billy Joel.

Q: What is Genogram?
A: A genogram is a family tree with medical details, such as whether the person is male or female, and whether brothers and sisters are twins.

Q: What is Brier, Washington?
A: Brier is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States.

Q: What is Book of Revelation?
A: colour plate illustrating Revelation 22:17 by Joseph Martin Kronheim.

Q: What is Muttenz?
A: Muttenz (Swiss German: Muttez) is a municipality in Arlesheim in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.

Q: What is Walter Berns?
A: Walter Berns (May 3, 1919 – January 10, 2015) was an American constitutional law and political philosophy professor.

Q: What is Cain Hope Felder?
A: Cain Hope Felder (June 9, 1943 - October 1, 2019) was an American biblical scholar.

Q: What is Fred Hawkins?
A: Fred Hawkins (September 3, 1923 – December 6, 2014) was an Americans Hawkins died in Sebring, Florida, aged 91.'.

Q: What is Corythomantis greeningi?
A: Greening's frog (Corythomantis greeningi) is a frog that lives in northeastern Brazil.

Q: What is Jacobo Majluta Azar?
A: Jacobo Majluta Azar (October 9, 1934 – March 2, 1996) was a Dominican politician.

Q: What is Jürgen Marcus?
A: Jürgen Marcus (Jürgen Beumer, 6 June 1948 – 17 May 2018) was a German schlager singer.

Q: What is Epistle to Titus?
A: The Epistle to Titus is the fifty-sixth book in the Christian Bible, and the seventeenth in the New Testament.

Q: What is Argun (Caucasus)?
A: The Argun River () runs through the northern Caucasus, Georgia, and the Chechen Republic of Russia.

Q: What is Kiloware?
A: Kiloware is a term for packages of postage stamps sold to stamp collectors by weight rather than by quantity, often in kilograms, hence the name.

Q: What is Hasparren?
A: Hasparren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Irises (painting)?
A: Irises is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh.

Q: What is Gamboma?
A: Gamboma is a town of the Republic of the Congo, located on the center in the Plateaux departement.

Q: What is Cruiser 'Varyag'?
A: Cruiser 'Varyag () is a 1946 Soviet war movie directed by Viktor Eisymont.

Q: What is Giuseppe Natoli?
A: Giuseppe Natoli Gongora di Scaliti (9 June 1815 – 25 September 1867) was an Italian lawyer and politician from the Mediterranean island of Sicily.

Q: What is Bridgestone?
A: () is a multinational rubber conglomerate.

Q: What is Golden Melody Awards?
A: The Golden Melody Awards () or sometimes shortened to just Golden Melody are music awards annually presented in Taiwan.

Q: What is Kengale Koli?
A: The Kengale Koli, or Kangle Koli (Hindi: केंगले कोली) is a clan (Gotra) of the Koli caste found in the Maharashtra state of India.

Q: What is Nigmatilla Yuldashev?
A: Nigmatilla Tulkinovich Yuldashev (, Nigʻmatilla Toʻlqinovich Yoʻldoshev; ; born 5 November 1962) is an Uzbek lawyer and politician.

Q: What is Nomvuzo Shabalala?
A: Nomvuzo Francisca Shabalala (1960 &ndash; 26 December 2020) was a South African politician.

Q: What is Izu Islands?
A: The Izu islands are a group of small Japanese islands south of Tokyo.

Q: What is Big Trouble in Little China?
A: Big Trouble in Little China is a 1986 American action fantasy comedy movie directed by John Carpenter and stars Kurt Russell, Kim Cattrall, James Hong, and Dennis Dun.

Q: What is One Museum Park?
A: One Museum Park is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

Q: What is Braives?
A: Braives is a Walloon municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.

Q: What is Gäu District?
A: Gäu is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the center of the canton.

Q: What is Hồ Xuân Hương?
A: Hồ Xuân Hương (1772–1822) was a female Vietnamese poet.

Q: What is Nida, Lithuania?
A: Nida is a seaside resort on the Curonian Spit on the southern outskirts of the city of Neringa.

Q: What is Get Busy?
A: "Get Busy" is the second single off of Jamaican dancehall musician Sean Paul's second studio album Dutty Rock.

Q: What is Jean Erdman?
A: Jean Erdman (February 20, 1916 &ndash; May 4, 2020) was an American dancer and choreographer.

Q: What is Shadows and Fog?
A: Shadows and Fog is a 1991 American mystery comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and also starring Kathy Bates, Jodie Foster, John Cusack, Mia Farrow, Donald Pleasence, John C.

Q: What is Jack Ging?
A: Jack Lee Ging (November 30, 1931 – September 9, 2022) was an American actor.

Q: What is Jeff Dunham?
A: Jeffrey "Jeff" Dunham (born April 18, 1962) is an American ventriloquist, comedian and actor.

Q: What is Joseph Maguire?
A: Joseph Maguire (born August 14, 1951) is an American military personnel.

Q: What is Projection (mathematics)?
A: screen, and end at a 3D object.

Q: What is Jack Harris (golfer)?
A: John Bruce "Jack" Harris (8 December 1922 &ndash; 22 August 2014) was an Australian professional golfer.

Q: What is Edmonton Public Schools?
A: Edmonton Public Schools (also called Edmonton School Division) is the largest public school division in Edmonton, the second largest in Alberta, and the sixth largest in Canada.

Q: What is Corporal punishment?
A: Corporal punishment (also called physical punishment) is a punishment which is meant to cause physical pain on a person.

Q: What is Agon (movie)?
A: Agon is a 2012 Albanian movie drama directed by Robert Budina.

Q: What is Bois-d'Amont?
A: Bois-d'Amont is the name of two municipalities in Europe: * Bois-d'Amont, Jura, a commune in the Jura department, France * Bois-d'Amont, Switzerland, a municipality in the district of Sarine in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.

Q: What is Merle Haggard?
A: Merle Ronald Haggard (April 6, 1937 &ndash; April 6, 2016) was an American country music singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2023?
A: The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2023 was the twenty-first edition of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest.

Q: What is Pinyin?
A: Pinyin is a way to write letters showing the sound of a word in place of a Chinese character.

Q: What is Layla and Majnun?
A: Layla and Majnun (Arabic: مجنون ليلى) is an old story from Arabia about two lovers, Qays and Layla.

Q: What is Christopher Reeve?
A: Christopher D'Olier Reeve (September 25, 1952 – October 10, 2004) was an American actor, activist, author and director.

Q: What is Waterboarding?
A: Waterboarding is a type of torture that has been used for a long time.

Q: What is Tiruchirappalli district?
A: Tiruchirapalli district is one of the 32 districts of Tamil Nadu.

Q: What is Universal TV?
A: Universal TV (known as Universal) is an international pay television network.

Q: What is Eight Crazy Nights?
A: Eight Crazy Nights is a 2002 American animated holiday comedy movie that was produced by Jack Giarraputo and was directed by Seth Kearsley.

Q: What is Wildlife conservation?
A: Wildlife conservation is the practice of protecting wild species and their habitats to maintain healthy wildlife species or populations and to restore, protect or enhance natural ecosystems.

Q: What is Aluminium-conductor steel-reinforced cable?
A: Aluminium-conductor steel-reinforced (ACSR) cable is a type of high-capacity conductor widely used in overhead power lines.

Q: What is Dededo, Guam?
A: Dededo is the largest city in Guam.

Q: What is International Phonetic Alphabet chart?
A: This page is a chart of the International Phonetic Alphabet.

Q: What is Leoben?
A: Leoben is a city in the Austrian state of Styria.

Q: What is Mitchell Duke?
A: Mitchell Thomas Duke (born 18 January 1991) is an Australian soccer player.

Q: What is WAGR R class?
A: The WAGR R class were a total of 24 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1897 to 1953.

Q: What is Teti, Sardinia?
A: Teti (Tèti) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is Tabloid Junkie?
A: "Tabloid Junkie" is a song performed by American recording artist Michael Jackson from his album HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I, released in 1995.

Q: What is Öregrund?
A: Öregrund is an urban area in the county of Uppsala in Sweden.

Q: What is Memphis, Tennessee?
A: Memphis is the second-most populous city in the state of Tennessee.

Q: What is Manipur white-toothed rat?
A: The Manipur white-toothed rat (, ) is a species of rodent.

Q: What is Haution?
A: church of Saint-Pierre-lès-Franqueville Haution is a commune.

Q: What is First Battle of Bull Run?
A: The First Battle of Bull Run was the first large battle of the American Civil War.

Q: What is Tunisia national under-20 football team?
A: The Tunisia national under-20 football team represents Tunisia in international football completions.

Q: What is Æsir?
A: The Æsir (Old Norse: singular ǫ́ss or áss; feminine ásynja, plural ásynjur) are the main group or tribe of deities in Norse mythology.

Q: What is Michael Ratner?
A: Michael Ratner (1943 – May 11, 2016) was an American lawyer.

Q: What is Happy Valley Shanghai?
A: Happy Valley Shanghai () is an amusement park in Songjiang, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.

Q: What is Forrest, Illinois?
A: Forrest is a village in Livingston County, Illinois, United States.

Q: What is Bosler, Wyoming?
A: Bosler is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States, along the Laramie River.

Q: What is Psychoeducation?
A: Psychoeducation is a type of therapy where a person is taught about basic mental health and wellness topics.

Q: What is Cot-caught merger?
A: The cot-caught merger is a sound change where the vowel in the word "cot" and the vowel in the word "caught" come to sound the same and make the words "cot" and "caught" sound alike.

Q: What is William Henry Ord (1803–1838)?
A: William Henry Ord (1803–9 November 1838) was a British politician, who represented Newport (Isle of Wight) (UK Parliament constituency) Ord died at his father's residence, Whitfield Hall in Northumberland, on 9 November 1838.

Q: What is Suthep Wongkamhaeng?
A: Suthep Wongkamhaeng (สุเทพ วงศ์กำแหง; 12 May 1934 – 27 February 2020) was a Thai singer.

Q: What is Gillian Rolton?
A: Gillian Rolton (3 May 1956 – 18 November 2017) was an Australian Olympic equestrian champion.

Q: What is Chromium(VI) oxide?
A: Chromium(VI) oxide, also known as chromium trioxide, is a chemical compound.

Q: What is David Suchet?
A: Sir David Suchet CBE (born 2 May 1946 in London) is an English actor.

Q: What is Madang F.C.?
A: Madang Football Club was a Papua New Guinean professional soccer club based in Madang.

Q: What is Sun Tzu?
A: ::This article is about the military strategist Sun Tzu.

Q: What is Volume?
A: :This article is about physical object; for meaning from audio field, see loudness.

Q: What is Hotel Transylvania?
A: Hotel Transylvania is a 2012 American computer-animated Halloween comedy movie.

Q: What is Vaux-sur-Sûre?
A: Vaux-sur-Sûre is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.

Q: What is Pope Innocent XI?
A: Pope Innocent XI (; 16 May 1611 – 12 August 1689), born Benedetto Odescalchi, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 240th Pope from 1676 to 1689.

Q: What is Market capitalization?
A: Market capitalization (often market cap) is a measurement of the size of a business corporation.

Q: What is Tractive effort?
A: Tractive effort is a synonym of tractive force, used in railway engineering terminology when describing the pulling power of a locomotive.

Q: What is Open Handset Alliance?
A: The Open Handset Alliance, also called OHA by many people, is a business alliance.

Q: What is Glyph?
A: A glyph is an element of writing.

Q: What is Pellagra?
A: Pellagra is a disease caused by a lack of niacin (vitamin B3).

Q: What is Tania Tinoco?
A: Tania Tinoco (August 2, 1963 – May 21, 2022) was an Ecuadorian journalist, author, television producer, director, television and radio presenter, reporter, interviewer, and opinion leader.

Q: What is Reuven Feuerstein?
A: Reuven Feuerstein (; August 21, 1921 – April 29, 2014) was an Israeli clinical, developmental, and cognitive psychologist.

Q: What is Mikantji?
A: Mikantji is a waterhole in the Northern Territory of Australia.

Q: What is Social services?
A: Social services, also called Welfare service or Social Work are any publicly or privately provided services intended to aid disadvantages , distressed and vulnerable person or groups.

Q: What is Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam?
A: The Chairman of National Assembly of Vietnam, less formally National Assembly Chairman is the legislative speaker of Vietnam, presiding over National Assembly.

Q: What is Hassanal Bolkiah?
A: Hassanal Bolkiah (born Hassanal Bolkiah Mu´izzadin Waddaulah; 1946) is the Sultan and Yang Di-Pertuan of Brunei.

Q: What is Sierra Leone at the Olympics?
A: Sierra Leone at the Olympics is a history which began in 1968.

Q: What is County Wexford?
A: County Wexford () is a county in Ireland.

Q: What is Space exploration?
A: Space exploration is a term which describes searching outer space.

Q: What is Piet de Jong?
A: Petrus Jozef Sietse "Piet" de Jong (April 3, 1915 &ndash; July 27, 2016) was a Dutch politician.

Q: What is Rail transport in Bulgaria?
A: Rail transport in Bulgaria services are operated by the Bulgarian State Railways.

Q: What is Victoria Embankment?
A: The Victoria Embankment is part of the Thames Embankment, a road and walkway along the north bank of the River Thames in London.

Q: What is 1992 Winter Olympics?
A: The 1992 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1992 in Albertville, France.

Q: What is Jack B. Farris?
A: Jack Brodie Farris (December 5, 1935 – December 14, 2019) was a United States Army Lieutenant General.

Q: What is Ksenia Sobchak?
A: Ksenia Anatolyevna Sobchak (; born on November 5, 1981) is a Russian television presenter, actress and singer.

Q: What is Louisiana's 4th congressional district?
A: Louisiana's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S.

Q: What is Jeff Davis (writer)?
A: Jeff Davis (born June 13, 1975) is an American writer and television producer.

Q: What is Coronavirus?
A: Coronaviruses are a group of RNA viruses.

Q: What is Merrill (company)?
A: Merrill, legally Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and previously known as Merrill Lynch, is an American investing and wealth management division of Bank of America.

Q: What is Push (Matchbox Twenty song)?
A: "Push" is a 1997 song by Matchbox Twenty and is the second single from their debut studio album Yourself of Someone Like You.

Q: What is Gansu?
A: Gansu () is a province of the People's Republic of China.

Q: What is Emperor Ruizong of Tang?
A: Emperor Ruizong of Tang (22 June 662 – 13 July 716), personal name Li Dan, also known at times during his life as Li Xulun, Li Lun, Wu Lun, and Wu Dan, was the fifth and ninth emperor of Tang Dynasty.

Q: What is Airplane?
A: An airplane, also known as an aeroplane or just plane, is a fixed-wing aircraft.

Q: What is Woodburn, Oregon?
A: Woodburn is a city in Marion County, Oregon, United States.

Q: What is Jeanne Brulé?
A: Jeanne Marie Célestine Brulé (15 December 1890 — 28 January 1969) was a French athletics competitor and sports administrator during the 1910s and 1920s, during the earliest era of women's athletics.

Q: What is Belarusian Democratic Republic?
A: The Belarusian People's Republic, historically called the White Ruthenian Democratic Republic, was a self-declared independent Belarusian state.

Q: What is Geoff Hurst?
A: Geoff Hurst (born 8 December 1941) is an English retired professional footballer.

Q: What is Volkswagen Golf Mk2?
A: The Volkswagen Golf Mk2 is the second generation of the compact car Volkswagen Golf.

Q: What is Americanisation?
A: Cola advertisement is a typical example for Americanisation.

Q: What is Fred Stoller?
A: Frederick "Fred" Stoller (born March 19, 1958) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist and writer.

Q: What is Tomislav Erceg?
A: Tomislav Erceg (born 22 October 1971) is a former Croatian football player.

Q: What is Fossil-fuel power station?
A: A fossil-fuel power station is a power station that makes electricity by burning certain fuels.

Q: What is Boyd Holbrook?
A: Robert Boyd Holbrook (born September 1, 1981) is an American actor and fashion model.

Q: What is Vincenzo Ferdinandi?
A: Vincenzo Ferdinandi (Newark, 29 November 1920 - Rome, 22 April 1990) was an Italian fashion designer and one of the founders of Italian high fashion.

Q: What is Marvel Universe?
A: The Marvel Universe (MU) is a comic book fictional universe created by Marvel Comics.

Q: What is Sierra County, California?
A: Sierra County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Inter Miami CF?
A: Club Internacional de Fútbol Miami, known in English as Inter Miami CF or simply Inter Miami, is an American professional football club.

Q: What is The Alcoa Hour?
A: The Alcoa Hour is an American anthology drama television series that was aired live on NBC from October 16, 1955 to September 22, 1957.

Q: What is A Gathering of Eagles?
A: A Gathering of Eagles is a 1963 American romantic drama movie directed by Delbert Mann and starring Rod Taylor, Rock Hudson, Kevin McCarthy, Henry Silva, Robert Lansing, Leif Erickson, Mary Peach, Richard Anderson, Louise Fletcher.

Q: What is Flipper (1995 TV series)?
A: Flipper (1995), is an American television series, also known as The New Adventures of Flipper.

Q: What is Gharial?
A: The gharial (Gavialis gangeticus), sometimes called the Indian gharial, common gharial or gavial, is one of two surviving members of the family Gavialidae.

Q: What is Affing?
A: Affing is a municipality about () Augsburg in Aichach-Friedberg district, in Swabia - Bavaria, southern Germany.

Q: What is Heath?
A: (England), featuring purple flowers of Calluna vulgaris and yellow flowers of Ulex gallii , Western Australia, with a dieback-infested valley in the mid ground A heath or heathland is a shrubland habitat found mainly on low quality, acidic soils.

Q: What is Kobe child murders?
A: The Kobe child murders happened on March 16 and May 27, 1997 in Suma, Kobe, Japan.

Q: What is Van Johnson?
A: Van Johnson (Charles Van Dell Johnson, August 25, 1916 &ndash; December 12, 2008) was an American movie, television, stage, radio, voice actor, singer, and dancer who is known for his roles in 30 Seconds over Tokyo, A Guy Named Joe and in The Caine Mutiny.

Q: What is Garches?
A: Garches is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France.

Q: What is Big Banana Feet?
A: Big Banana Feet is a 1976 comedy documentary movie of Billy Connolly directed by Murray Grigor and David Peat.

Q: What is Municipal corporation?
A: A municipal corporation is a term used by the local government.

Q: What is Willow (Joe Biden's cat)?
A: Willow (born January 3, 2020) is a tabby domestic short-haired cat owned by President Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden.

Q: What is Bix Beiderbecke?
A: Bix Beiderbecke (March 10, 1903 – August 6, 1931) was an American jazz performer and pianist who was highly influential in the 1920s.

Q: What is Sociobiology?
A: the new synthesis: Sociobiology: the new synthesis is a book by E.O.

Q: What is Cone?
A: (r) In common speaking and geometry, a cone is a solid object that one gets when one rotates a right triangle around one of its two short sides, the cone's axis.

Q: What is Kentucky Route 404?
A: Kentucky Route&nbsp;404 (KY&nbsp;404) is a state highway in the U.S.

Q: What is Burundi at the Olympics?
A: Burundi was first at the Olympic Games in 1996.

Q: What is Coefficient (disambiguation)?
A: Coefficient could have one of the following meanings: *In mathematics, a coefficient is a constant multiplication of a function was once called its differential coefficient, a usage now mostly displaced by the modern term.

Q: What is Weber State University?
A: Weber State University is a public university in Ogden, Utah.

Q: What is Jackie Jackson?
A: Sigmund Esco Jackson (born May 4, 1951), better known professionally his nicknames, Jackie or Jack, is an American singer, songwriter, percussionist, and dancer.

Q: What is Let's Go Crazy?
A: "Let's Go Crazy" is a 1984 song by Prince.

Q: What is Green Bay, Wisconsin?
A: Green Bay is a city in the U.S.

Q: What is Stavento?
A: Stavento is a Greek Hip-Hop band from Alexandroupoli.

Q: What is ABBA Voyage?
A: ABBA Voyage is a concert event in London.

Q: What is Black bass?
A: A black bass is a fresh water fish.

Q: What is Doda district?
A: Doda () is a district of Jammu and Kashmir.

Q: What is Female ejaculation?
A: Female ejaculation, also known as gushing or squirting, happens when a woman has an orgasm and clear fluid comes out of her vagina.

Q: What is European Confederation of Roller Skating?
A: The European Confederation of Roller Skating (Confédération Européenne de Roller Skating, or CERS) was the main European roller skating organization.

Q: What is Christian Zawieschitzky?
A: Christian Zawieschitzky (born May 2, 2007 in Kufstein) is an Austrian football goalkeeper.

Q: What is Éamon de Valera?
A: Éamon de Valera (born with the name Edward George de Valera, ) (14 October 1882 – ) was one of the dominant political figures in 20th century Ireland.

Q: What is Woolly dormouse?
A: The woolly dormouse (Dryomys laniger) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family.

Q: What is Without Reservations?
A: Without Reservations is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by Mervyn LeRoy and was based on the novel Thanks, God! I'll Take It From Here by Jane Allen and Mae Livingston.

Q: What is Cabrils?
A: Cabrils is a municipality of 7,432 people (2020).

Q: What is Anton Bruckner?
A: Anton Bruckner (born Ansfelden, Austria, 4 September 1824; died Vienna, 11 October 1896) was an Austrian composer.

Q: What is MK12?
A: The MK-12 special purpose rifle (SPR) was designed by the U.S.

Q: What is Graham Hume?
A: Graham Ian Hume is a cricketer from South Africa.

Q: What is 1928 Summer Olympics?
A: The 1928 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad, were held at Amsterdam in the Netherlands.

Q: What is Dan (disambiguation)?
A: The term dan might refer to: * Dan (rank), a very advanced rank in martial arts * Dan (name), a common male name, short form of Daniel.

Q: What is Stanley Marcus?
A: Stanley Marcus (April 20, 1905 – January 22, 2002) was the president of the Neiman-Marcus company, a store in the United States that sells expensive clothing and objects.

Q: What is Pre-Raphaelite brotherhood?
A: , by Dante Gabriel Rossetti by Millais; Elizabeth Siddal is the model The Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood (also known as the Pre-Raphaelites) was a group of English painters, poets, and critics, founded in 1848 by William Holman Hunt, John Everett Millais and Dante Gabriel Rossetti.

Q: What is Cheetah?
A: A cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus) is a medium large cat which lives in Africa and Asia.

Q: What is Area codes 440 and 436?
A: Area codes 440 and 436 are telephone area codes in the state of Ohio, United States.

Q: What is Arcadia (painting)?
A: Arcadia is an oil painting by Thomas Eakins.

Q: What is Zoran Milanović?
A: Zoran Milanović (; born 30 October 1966) is a Croatian politician.

Q: What is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad?
A: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, also written Ahmadinezhad (; born October 28, 1956) is an Iranian politician who was the sixth President of the Islamic Republic of Iran.

Q: What is Pepillo (footballer, born 1933)?
A: José García Castro (10 July 1933 – 10 May 2003), also known as Pepillo, was a Spanish professional footballer.

Q: What is Lickin' on Both Sides?
A: Lickin' on Both Sides is the debut studio album by English girl group Mis-Teeq, released by Telstar Records on 29 October 2001.

Q: What is Chennevières-sur-Marne?
A: Chennevières-sur-Marne is a commune.

Q: What is Tracey Ullman?
A: Dame Tracey Ullman, (born 30 December 1959) is a British-American comedian, actress, singer, dancer, screenwriter and author.

Q: What is Mass-to-charge ratio?
A: The mass-to-charge ratio is a physical quantity (it is an amount that can be measured).

Q: What is Freepsum?
A: Freepsum is a village in the municipality of Krummhörn in Aurich in East Frisia in North Germany.

Q: What is Labour Party (UK)?
A: has been the Leader of the Labour Party since 4 April 2020.

Q: What is Bannetze?
A: Bannetze is a village and municipal division on the Celle in the north German state of Lower Saxony.

Q: What is Butte County?
A: Butte County is the name of three counties in the United States: * Butte County, California * Butte County, Idaho * Butte County, South Dakota.

Q: What is Philautus catbaensis?
A: The Cat Ba shrub frog (Philautus catbaensis) is a frog.

Q: What is Kat Abughazaleh?
A: Katherine Abughazaleh (, ; born March 24, 1999), also known as Kat Abu, is an American social media influencer, researcher, video content creator, commentator and politician.

Q: What is Zoersel?
A: Zoersel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

Q: What is Yaariyan 2?
A: Yaariyan 2 is a 2023 Indian movie.

Q: What is Moomins?
A: The Moomins () are the main characters in a series of books and a comic strip by Swedish-speaking Finnish illustrator and writer Tove Jansson, originally published in Swedish by Schildts in Finland.

Q: What is Tackle (football)?
A: (blue 22) slide tackles Steven Gerrard (white 4) at Euro 2012.

Q: What is Underpinning?
A: In construction, underpinning is the process of strengthening and stabilizing the foundation of an existing building or other structure.

Q: What is Jan D. Achenbach?
A: Jan Drewes Achenbach (20 August 1935 – 22 August 2020) was a Dutch-American engineer, editor and educator.

Q: What is Loek Hollander?
A: Loek Hollander (1938 &ndash; 16 February 2020) was a Dutch karate practitioner.

Q: What is Slavko Goldstein?
A: Slavko Goldstein (22 August 1928 – 13 September 2017) was a Croatian Jewish writer, Holocaust survivor, publisher, and politician.

Q: What is Giessen (region)?
A: Gießen is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Hesse, Germany.

Q: What is Hamilton County, Kansas?
A: Hamilton County (county code HM) is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Sadhana Shivdasani?
A: Sadhana Shivdasani (2 September 1941 &ndash; 25 December 2015), better known as Sadhana, was an Indian actress.

Q: What is The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo?
A: The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo is a NBC action comedy series that aired from 18 September, 1979 to 5 May, 1981.

Q: What is Efogi tree frog?
A: The Efogi tree frog (Litoria prora) is a frog from Papua New Guinea.

Q: What is Marisol Escobar?
A: Marisol Escobar (May 22, 1930 – April 30, 2016), otherwise known simply as Marisol, was a French-born sculptor of Venezuelan heritage.

Q: What is Rosehill Cemetery?
A: Rosehill Cemetery, was founded in 1864, is an American cemetery on the North Side of Chicago, Illinois, and at , is the largest cemetery in the City of Chicago.

Q: What is Conceived?
A: "Conceived" is a 2005 song by Beth Orton and was taken from her fifth studio album Comfort of Strangers.

Q: What is Ammerzwiller?
A: Ammertzwiller or Ammerzwiller is a former commune.

Q: What is Charismatic Movement?
A: Charismatic refers to Pentecostal-style Christianity outside of Pentecostalism.

Q: What is Schiedam?
A: Schiedam is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland.

Q: What is Tupolev Tu-95?
A: Tupolev Tu-95 (code-named Bear) was a heavy bomber plane first used in the Cold War.

Q: What is Dust mask?
A: A dust mask is a type of mask that is used to protect someone from dust that might hurt them.

Q: What is HR 4729?
A: HR 4729 is a hot blue star located in the Crux constellation.

Q: What is Clemons, Iowa?
A: Clemons is a city found in Marshall County in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Richard Wright (footballer)?
A: Richard Wright (born 5 November 1977) is an English football player.

Q: What is One More Night?
A: One More Night is a song performed by American pop rock group Maroon 5 from their fourth studio album Overexposed.

Q: What is Hylarana malayana?
A: The Malaya stream frog, Malay woodfrog, or Malayan dark-side frog (Hylarana malayana) is a frog from Myanmar and India.

Q: What is The Wolf of Wall Street (2013 movie)?
A: The Wolf of Wall Street is an 2013 American black comedy movie directed by Martin Scorsese and produced by Leonardo DiCaprio.

Q: What is Death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela?
A: Nelson Mandela 1918-2013 Nelson Mandela died on 5 December 2013 at the age of 95, at his home in Houghton Estate.

Q: What is Netbook?
A: Netbook, the word made by Intel company in February 2008, means smaller version of a regular laptop.

Q: What is Meigs County?
A: Meigs County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Meigs County, Ohio * Meigs County, Tennessee.

Q: What is Benitagla?
A: Benitagla is a municipality in the Province of Almería, in Andalusia, Spain.

Q: What is Michman Panin?
A: Michman Panin () is a 1960 Soviet war movie directed by Mikhail Shveitser.

Q: What is Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania?
A: Jim Thorpe is a borough and the county seat of Carbon County in the U.S.

Q: What is Hamnet Shakespeare?
A: Hamnet Shakespeare ( January 1585 9 August 1596) was the only son of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway.

Q: What is Playboi Carti?
A: Jordan Terrell Carter (born September 13, 1995), known professionally as Playboi Carti, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, dancer and record producer from Atlanta, Georgia.

Q: What is United States Navy Sea Cadet Corps?
A: The United States Navy Sea Cadet Corps (USNSCC) is a voluntary youth development organization.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Auxerre?
A: The arrondissement of Auxerre is an arrondissement of France.

Q: What is Solomon Northup?
A: Solomon Northup (July 10, &ndash; ) was an American abolitionist.

Q: What is Sandra Deal?
A: Emilie Sandra Deal (née Dunagan; 1941 or 1942 – August 23, 2022) was an American education activist and public school language arts teacher.

Q: What is Daqing?
A: Daqing (; used to be romanized as Taching) is a city in Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China The population of Daqing was 2,963,458 in 2010.

Q: What is You'll Be Alright, Kid?
A: You'll Be Alright, Kid, is the debut studio album by Alex Warren, released in July 18, 2025 by Atlantic Records.

Q: What is Quill Award?
A: The Quill Award was an American literary award that ran for three years in 2005-2007.

Q: What is Arizona State Legislature?
A: The Arizona Legislature is the Legislative branch of the Government of Arizona.

Q: What is Nellie Melba?
A: Dame Nellie Melba GBE (born Helen Porter Mitchell; 19 May 186123 February 1931), was an Australian opera soprano.

Q: What is G. G. Ponnambalam?
A: Ganapathipillai Gangaser Ponnambalam (; 8 November 1901 – 9 February 1977), also known as G.

Q: What is Gawalmandi?
A: Gawalmandi is a town It is thought to be the cultural centre of Lahore.

Q: What is Lincoln Thompson?
A: Lincoln Thompson (10 July 1949 - 14 January 1999) was a Jamaican reggae musician, songwriter and Rastafarian.

Q: What is 1982-83 Austrian football championship?
A: The 1982-83 Austrian football championship was organized by the Austrian Football Association.

Q: What is Oldland Mill?
A: Oldland Mill is an 18th century windmill.

Q: What is Robert Goulet?
A: Robert Gerard Goulet (November 26, 1933 &ndash; October 30, 2007) was an American singer, movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor.

Q: What is Whirlwind?
A: at school ground A whirlwind is a vortex of wind (a straight rotating column of air) that forms because of turbulence created by heating and flow (current) differences.

Q: What is Sodium hypophosphite?
A: Sodium hypophosphite is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Iowa, Louisiana?
A: Iowa is a town in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States, and is a part of the Lake Charles Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Q: What is All I Want (movie)?
A: All I Want (also known as Try Seventeen) is a 2002 coming-of-age comedy-drama movie directed by Jeffrey Porter and written by Charles Kephart.

Q: What is Giant Gippsland earthworm?
A: The giant Gippsland earthworm (Megascolides australis) is one of Australia's 1,000 native earthworm species.

Q: What is Stephanie Seymour?
A: Stephanie Michelle Seymour (born July 23, 1968) is an American model and actress.

Q: What is Voom HD Networks?
A: Voom HD Networks was a suite of 25 original high-definition television channels.

Q: What is Ligue 2?
A: Ligue 2, also known as Ligue 2 BKT due to sponsorship reasons, is the second division of French football behind Ligue 1.

Q: What is Sofia Hublitz?
A: Sofia Hublitz (born June 1, 1999) is an American actress.

Q: What is Tswana language?
A: The Tswana language (or Setswana) is a language spoken in southern Africa.

Q: What is Ludwigshofer See?
A: Ludwigshofer See is a lake in Vorpommern-Greifswald in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Q: What is Nomads (1986 movie)?
A: Nomads is a 1986 American horror movie directed by first time director John McTiernan and was based on the 1984 novel of the same name by Chelsea Quinn Yarbro.

Q: What is Schönholzerswilen?
A: Schönholzerswilen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Q: What is Carrépuis?
A: memorial Carrépuis is a commune.

Q: What is Carie Graves?
A: Carie Brand Graves (June 17, 1953 – December 19, 2021) was an American rower.

Q: What is Peccia?
A: Peccia is one of six small Swiss municipalities that merged on 4 April 2004 to form the new municipality of Lavizzara, with about 1000 people.

Q: What is Frederick Muhlenberg?
A: Frederick Augustus Conrad Muhlenberg (; January 1, 1750 – June 4, 1801) was an American minister and politician.

Q: What is Jeanne Robertson?
A: in April 2012 Jeanne Swanner Robertson (September 21, 1943 &ndash; August 21, 2021) was an American comedienne, motivational speaker and a former physical education teacher.

Q: What is Abbasid Caliphate?
A: The Abbasid Caliphate was the third Arab Islamic caliphate.

Q: What is Electrical cell?
A: An electrical cell is a device used to generate electricity, or to make chemical reactions by applying electricity.

Q: What is 2019 UK Championship?
A: The 2019 UK Championship was a professional snooker tournament.

Q: What is Brie Larson?
A: Brianne Sidonie Desaulniers, known professionally as Brie Larson, (born in Sacramento, California, October 1, 1989) is an American actress.

Q: What is Lars Tunbjörk?
A: Lars Tunbjörk (15 February 1956 – 8 April 2015) was a Swedish photographer.

Q: What is Léonie Sazias?
A: Léonie Sazias (27 July 1957 – 3 October 2022) was a French-Dutch television presenter and politician.

Q: What is Richard Bache?
A: Richard Bache (1737–1811) worked for the Postal Service under Benjamin Franklin from 1775–1776, and was Franklin's successor as Postmaster General, serving from 1776–1782 during the Revolutionary War.

Q: What is Yey!?
A: Yey! (stylized as YeY! or YEY!) is a Philippine children's pay television channel created by Government of the Philippines, and ABS-CBN and was one of the freemium channels of ABS-CBN TV Plus.

Q: What is David Johnston?
A: David Lloyd Johnston, CC CMM COM CD FRSC(hon) (born June 28, 1941) is a Canadian academic and author.

Q: What is Kallen Pokkudan?
A: Kallen Pokkudan (; 1937 &ndash; 27 September 2015), also known as Kandal Pokkudan, was an Indian environmental activist and writer.

Q: What is Batuque?
A: Batuque can mean: * Batuque (game), a game once played in Brazil * Batuque (religion), an Afro-Brazilian sect of Candomblé * Batuque (music), a type of music and associated dance form from Cape Verde.

Q: What is Llanymynech?
A: Llanymynech is a village in Shropshire, England and Powys, Wales.

Q: What is Shinee?
A: SHINee () is a South Korean boy band formed by SM Entertainment The members are Onew, Jonghyun, Key, Minho, Taemin (order from oldest to youngest).

Q: What is Council of Europe?
A: The Council of Europe (, ) is an international organization of 47 member states in the European region.

Q: What is Ramin Djawadi?
A: Ramin Djawadi (born July 19, 1974) is a German-Iranian composer of orchestral music for movies and television.

Q: What is Istriot language?
A: Istriot is a Romance language, spoken in Istria.

Q: What is Zookeeper?
A: A zookeeper is a worker in a zoo, responsible for the feeding and daily care of the animals.

Q: What is Robert Smith (murderer)?
A: Robert Smith was the last public hanging in Scotland and the second-to-last public hanging in the United Kingdom, only succeeded by Michael Barrett.

Q: What is Babahoyo?
A: Babahoyo (), founded September 30, 1948, is the capital of the Los Ríos province of Ecuador.

Q: What is Counter-Strike?
A: Counter-Strike is a multiplayer first-person shooter game that was created by Valve Corporation.

Q: What is Staphylococcus?
A: Staphylococcus is a genus of gram-positive bacteria.

Q: What is South Molton?
A: South Molton is a town near the A361 road in North Devon, Devon, England.

Q: What is Raashid Alvi?
A: Raashid Alvi is an Indian politician who served as a member of the Indian Parliament from both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.

Q: What is Cawl?
A: Cawl is a Wales The meat in the dish was normally cut into medium-sized pieces and boiled with the vegetables in water.

Q: What is HK Four Trails Ultra Challenge?
A: The HK4TUC (often just called the Four Trails) links the major trails in Hong Kong, starting on the first day of Lunar New Year.

Q: What is Pöytyä?
A: Pöytyä is a municipality in Southwest Finland.

Q: What is Concordia Station?
A: Concordia Station is a research station in Antarctica.

Q: What is All This and Rabbit Stew?
A: All This and Rabbit Stew is a cartoon with Bugs Bunny.

Q: What is National Historic Landmark?
A: 's Taliesin is a National Historic Landmark , is the only National Historic Landmark on foreign soil.

Q: What is Mom's Got a Date with a Vampire?
A: Mom's Got a Date with a Vampire is a 2000 American television horror comedy movie.

Q: What is Miss Colorado?
A: The Miss Colorado competition is the pageant that picks the representative for the state of Colorado in the Miss America pageant.

Q: What is Craig Jones?
A: Craig '133' Jones also known as 133 (or 133 mHz), The Silent One, or by his number #5, (born on February 11, 1972 or 1973), is an American musician.

Q: What is Displacement vector?
A: A displacement vector is a concept from mathematics.

Q: What is Eric Lubbock, 4th Baron Avebury?
A: Eric Reginald Lubbock, 4th Baron Avebury, PC (29 September 1928&nbsp;– 14 February 2016) was an English politician.

Q: What is Douglas County, Georgia?
A: Douglas County, Georgia is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Psittaculidae?
A: The parrot family Psittaculidae consists of five subfamilies, Agapornithinae, Loriinae, Platycercinae, Psittacellinae and Psittaculinae.

Q: What is Mons pubis?
A: In human anatomy, and in mammals in general, the mons pubis (pubic mound, also known simply as the mons, and known specifically in females as the mons Venus or mons veneris), is a part of the body where the fatty tissue is found over the pubic symphysis of the Pubis (bone).

Q: What is Brigham Young University–Hawaii?
A: Brigham Young University Hawaii, or BYU-Hawaii for short, is an undergraduate university that educates 2,400 students from Asia, the Pacific islands, the United States, and other parts of the world.

Q: What is Free Nelson Mandela?
A: "Nelson Mandela" (known in some versions as "Free Nelson Mandela") is a song written by British people.

Q: What is Fregiécourt?
A: Fregiécourt was a municipality, in the new municipality of La Baroche and the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Q: What is Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle?
A: Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle (also known as Harold & Kumar Get the Munchies) is a 2004 American stoner comedy movie.

Q: What is Alabama Crimson Tide men's basketball?
A: The Alabama Crimson Tide men's basketball team is an American college basketball team.

Q: What is Amistad gambusia?
A: The Amistad gambusia (Gambusia amistadensis) is an extinct species of gambusia.

Q: What is AutoIt?
A: AutoIt is a freeware programming language for Microsoft Windows.

Q: What is No Way Out (2003)?
A: No Way Out (2003) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by No Way Out event held by WWE.

Q: What is Pokémon Adventures?
A: Pokémon Adventures, released in Japan as , is a Pokémon-related manga based on the video games.

Q: What is Corrèze (disambiguation)?
A: Corrèze can mean: * Corrèze is a department in the center of France.

Q: What is Wolfville?
A: Wolfville is a Canadian town in the Annapolis Valley, Kings County, Nova Scotia, located about northwest of the provincial capital, Halifax.

Q: What is Derby Museum and Art Gallery?
A: Derby Museum and Art Gallery was started in 1879 in a new building given to Derby by a local brewer.

Q: What is Kiel Canal?
A: The Kiel Canal is a waterway in the busiest artificial waterway for seagoing ships worldwide.

Q: What is Juraj Herz?
A: Juraj Herz (4 September 1934 &ndash; 8 April 2018) was a Slovak movie director, actor, and screenwriter.

Q: What is Auvernier?
A: Auvernier was a municipality and village in the district of Boudry.

Q: What is Bergkamen?
A: Bergkamen is a town in the district of Unna, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Q: What is Home Alone?
A: Home Alone is a 1990 American comedy action movie mostly set in Chicago, Illinois, Paris, Dallas, and Scranton.

Q: What is Cupressus macrocarpa?
A: Cupressus macrocarpa (Monterey Cypress, Macrocarpa; syn.

Q: What is Premiere Networks?
A: Premiere Networks is an American media company.

Q: What is Lyudmila Chegodayeva?
A: Lyudmila Chegodayeva (born 20 April 1992) is a Kazakhstani female water polo player.

Q: What is Bimba Bosé?
A: Eleonora Salvatore González (1 October 1975 &ndash; 23 January 2017), better known as Bimba Bosé, was an Italian-born Spanish model, actress and singer.

Q: What is Liberal Party of Australia (South Australian Division)?
A: The Liberal Party of Australia (South Australian Division), commonly called the SA Liberals, is the South Australian branch of the Liberal Party, a centre-right, liberal conservative political party in Australia.

Q: What is Television pilot?
A: Television pilot, usually called just a pilot, is a test episode made to sell a television series.

Q: What is Pohang Steelers?
A: FC Pohang Steelers is a South Korean professional football club from Pohang, Gyeongsangbuk-do.

Q: What is Over the Mountain?
A: "Over the Mountain" is a 1981 song by English heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne and is the opening track to his second studio album Diary of a Madman.

Q: What is S Club Party?
A: "S Club Party" is the second single off of British pop group S Club 7's first studio album S Club.

Q: What is List of NHL players (A)?
A: This is a list of National Hockey League (NHL) players who have played at least one game in the NHL from 1917 to present and have a last name that starts with "A".

Q: What is Music of My Mind?
A: Music of My Mind is the fourteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder.

Q: What is Jesús María Tarriba?
A: Jesús María Tarriba Unger (born 1 September 1962) is a Mexican financial risk management expert.

Q: What is The Sunday Woman (movie)?
A: The Sunday Woman () is a 1975 Italian thriller movie directed by Luigi Comencini and based on the novel of the same name.

Q: What is Manchester tart?
A: Manchester tart is a traditional English baked tart with a shortcrust pastry shell, spread with raspberry jam, covered with a custard filling and topped with flakes of coconut and a Maraschino cherry.

Q: What is Maciej Grubski?
A: Maciej Tomasz Grubski (20 August 1968 – 17 December 2020) was a Polish politician.

Q: What is 143 (Katy Perry album)?
A: 143 (pronounced "one four three") is the seventh studio album by American singer Katy Perry.

Q: What is Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex?
A: Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex was born (27 January 1773 – 21 April 1843), was the sixth son of George III and his consort, Queen Charlotte.

Q: What is Supreme Court of India?
A: The Supreme Court of India is the highest court of India under the Indian Constitution.

Q: What is Money in the Bank (2014)?
A: Money in the Bank (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view and livestreaming show made by WWE.

Q: What is Blairlogie?
A: Blairlogie is at the base of the great cliff of Dumyat between Stirling and Menstrie was one of central Scotland's earliest Conservation Villages.

Q: What is Huawei P9?
A: Huawei P9 is the Android smartphone developed by Huawei.

Q: What is Pevensey?
A: Pevensey is a village and civil parish in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England.

Q: What is İskenderun?
A: İskenderun is a city in southern Turkey.

Q: What is Intellectual?
A: An intellectual is a person who uses his or her intellect and critical thinking skills to work, study, reflect, or ask and answer questions about a wide variety of different ideas.

Q: What is Octoroon?
A: Octoroon is a word that was used in slave societies in the Americas to describe some mixed-race people.

Q: What is Isengard?
A: * Isengard, a fictional place in J.

Q: What is Illinois's 11th congressional district?
A: The 11th congressional district of Illinois is represented by Democrat Bill Foster.

Q: What is Cape Lookout (North Carolina)?
A: Cape Lookout is southern point of the South Core Banks, one of the natural barrier islands on the Atlantic coast of North Carolina, USA.

Q: What is Larry Rhoden?
A: Larry Rhoden (born February 5, 1959) is an American politician and businessman who has been the 34th Governor of South Dakota since 2025.

Q: What is Crurotarsi?
A: The Crurotarsi are one of the two main groups of archosaurs.

Q: What is Telstra?
A: Telstra is the national telecommunications service in Australia.

Q: What is Danish Blue Cheese?
A: Danablu, sold under the trademark Danish Blue Cheese in North America, It is usually drum- or block-shaped.

Q: What is Paul Westphal?
A: Paul Douglas Westphal (November 30, 1950 – January 2, 2021) was an American basketball player, head coach, and commentator.

Q: What is True parrots?
A: The true parrots are about 330 species belonging to the Psittacoidae superfamily, one of the three superfamilies in the biological order Psittaciformes (parrots).

Q: What is Ground fighting?
A: Ground fighting (in martial arts sometimes referred to as "ground work" or "ground game") is hand-to-hand combat which takes place while the fighters are on the ground, generally involving a degree of clutching of gripping.

Q: What is Abderrahman Ait Khamouch?
A: Abderrahman Ait Khamouch (born November 9, 1986) is a T46 Paralympic track and field athlete from Spain.

Q: What is 1970 United Kingdom general election?
A: A general election was held on 18 June 1970 to elect all 630 members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

Q: What is I Know What You Did Last Summer?
A: I Know What You Did Last Summer is a 1997 American teen slasher movie.

Q: What is Okeechobee County, Florida?
A: Okeechobee County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Tommy McDonald (American football)?
A: Thomas Franklin McDonald (July 26, 1934 – September 24, 2018) was an American football flanker.

Q: What is Maarten van Rossum?
A: Maarten van Rossum (1478 - 1555) was a Dutch field marshal of the late 15th and early 16th century.

Q: What is Bosnian genocide?
A: The Bosnian genocide refers to the genocide of Bosniaks by the Serbs in 1995.

Q: What is Beating retreat?
A: The Beating Retreat is a ceremony performed by armies and other military groups.

Q: What is Maria Basca?
A: Maria Basca was a German sopran singer from Berlin.

Q: What is Moghegno?
A: Moghegno is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

Q: What is Friedrich Schattleitner?
A: Friedrich Schattleitner (28 September 1923 &ndash; 4 May 2016) was an Austrian sport shooter.

Q: What is General Pinto?
A: General Pinto city was founded on October 23, 1869.

Q: What is 1995 Hungarian presidential election?
A: The second presidential election after the regime change in Hungary was held on June 19, 1995.

Q: What is Daisy chain (engineering)?
A: In electrical and electronic engineering, a daisy chain is a wiring scheme.

Q: What is Sukhinder Singh Cassidy?
A: Sukhinder Singh Cassidy (born Sukhinder Singh in 1970) is an entrepreneur.

Q: What is Lorenzo Staelens?
A: Lorenzo Staelens (born 30 April 1964) is a former Belgian football player.

Q: What is Border guard?
A: Border guards are people usually paid by a government (and often part of the army), whose job is to prevent people from illegally crossing the border, and stop the smuggling of illegal items such as Substance abuse.

Q: What is Yorktown, Virginia?
A: Yorktown is a place in Virginia.

Q: What is Denise Levertov?
A: Denise Levertov (24 October 1923 – 20 December 1997) was an American poet.

Q: What is Roger T. Forster?
A: Roger Thomas Forster (1 March 1933 – 17 January 2024) was an English theologian.

Q: What is Freedom (Wham! song)?
A: "Freedom" is a 1984 song by English pop duo Wham! and is taken from their second studio album Make It Big.

Q: What is Rick Rescorla?
A: Cyril Richard Rescorla (May 27, 1939 – September 11, 2001) was a United States Army officer and private security officer of British origin.

Q: What is National Grid plc?
A: National Grid plc is a British multinational electricity and gas utility company headquartered in London, England.

Q: What is National Museum of Mongolia?
A: The National Museum of Mongolia has exhibitions about archaeology, history and Mongolian culture.

Q: What is TAE connector?
A: TAE (Telekommunikations-Anschluss-Einheit) is the German standard for telephone plugs and sockets.

Q: What is Le Breuil-en-Auge?
A: Le Breuil-en-Auge is a commune.

Q: What is Chamber of Deputies of Chile?
A: The Chamber of Deputies () is the lower house of Chile's bicameral Congress.

Q: What is Birgu?
A: Birgu ( , ), also known by its title Città Vittoriosa, is an old city on the south side of the Grand Harbour in the South Eastern Region of Malta.

Q: What is Four-stroke engine?
A: The four-stroke engine is an internal combustion engine.

Q: What is Eratosthenes?
A: Eratosthenes of Cyrene (276 – 194 BC) was a 3rd century BC Greek mathematician, geographer and astronomer.

Q: What is Ōagata Shrine?
A: is a Shinto shrine in Inuyama, Aichi It is located next to Tagata Shrine.

Q: What is Battle of Britain?
A: He 111 bombers during the Battle of Britain The Battle of Britain was a continued attack by the Luftwaffe on Great Britain during the summer and the autumn of 1940.

Q: What is Sailly-Flibeaucourt?
A: Sailly-Flibeaucourt is a commune.

Q: What is Corunna, Michigan?
A: Corunna ( CORE-UN-NUH) is a city and county seat of Caledonia Charter Township and is slight east of the city of Owosso.

Q: What is Bledlow-cum-Saunderton?
A: Bledlow-cum-Saunderton is a civil parish in the Wycombe district of Buckinghamshire, England.

Q: What is PlayStation 3?
A: The PlayStation 3 (PS3) is the third video game console made by Sony.

Q: What is Wired for Sound?
A: Wired for Sound is the 24th studio album by English singer Cliff Richard and released in September 1981.

Q: What is François Tronchin?
A: François Tronchin (23 October 1704 – 7 February 1798) was a Swiss lawyer, banker, and collector.

Q: What is Morgan F. Murphy?
A: Morgan Francis Murphy (April 16, 1932 – March 4, 2016) was an American politician.

Q: What is William Desmond Taylor?
A: William Desmond Taylor (born William Cunningham Deane-Tanner; 26 April 1872 &ndash; 1 February 1922) was an Irish movie director Taylor was shot and killed by an unknown suspect on 1 February 1922 at his Los Angeles home.

Q: What is 1868 United States presidential election?
A: The 1868 United States presidential election was the 21st election in the history of the United States.

Q: What is Ogden, Utah?
A: Ogden, Utah is a city in Weber County, Utah, USA with a population of 87,321 as of the 2020 census.

Q: What is V10 engine?
A: A V10 engine, often just called a V10, is an internal combustion engine with 10 cylinders.

Q: What is Say It Again (Natasha Bedingfield song)?
A: Say It Again is a single by Natasha Bedingfield originally released in 2007, off the studio album N.B.

Q: What is Battle of Highbury?
A: The Battle of Highbury was a football match between England and Italy.

Q: What is Sony Music Entertainment?
A: Sony Music Entertainment (or Sony Music) is the second-largest global recorded music company of the "big three" record companies and is controlled by Sony Corporation of America.

Q: What is Query language?
A: A Query language is a formal language that is used to make queries to database systems, and other information systems.

Q: What is Santa Fe University of Art and Design?
A: The Santa Fe University of Art and Design (sometimes called SFUAD) is a private 4-year university in Santa Fe, New Mexico.

Q: What is Barney Rosenzweig?
A: Barney Rosenzweig (born December 23, 1937) is an American television producer.

Q: What is Carbon Based Lifeforms?
A: Carbon Based Lifeforms is a Swedish electronic music duo.

Q: What is Due Date?
A: Due Date is a 2010 American comedy road movie.

Q: What is Ya-Sin?
A: Yā Sīn (also pronounced as Yaseen; Arabic: يٰسٓ, yāsīn; the letters 'Yā and 'Sīn') is the 36th chapter of the Quran.

Q: What is Adelante (Sash! song)?
A: "Adelante" is a 1999 song by the German DJ group Sash! and it features Peter Faulhammer and German DJ Rodriguez.

Q: What is Electoral districts of Saarland?
A: The Landtag of Saarland, the state parliament of Saarland, has three multi-member electoral districts ().

Q: What is Károly Sándor?
A: Károly Sándor (26 November 1928 – 10 September 2014) was a Hungarian footballer.

Q: What is Polk County, Iowa?
A: Polk County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Curriculum vitae?
A: A curriculum vitae (CV or vita) is a short list of a person's education and skills used for recruitment.

Q: What is People's Party (United States)?
A: The People's Party (also known as the Populist Party) was a left-wing political party in the United States.

Q: What is Lodano?
A: Lodano is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Q: What is Wikipedia bots?
A: Wikipedia bots are automated computer programs that perform simple, repetitive tasks on Wikipedia.

Q: What is Breckland District?
A: Breckland District is a local government district in Norfolk, England.

Q: What is Aubinges?
A: Aubinges is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.

Q: What is Harrington Hump?
A: railway station The Harrington Hump is a modular and easy-to-install system by which the height of a railway platform can be increased at relatively low cost.

Q: What is Frank Bacon (actor)?
A: Frank Bacon (January 16, 1864 – November 19, 1922), was an American character actor and playwright.

Q: What is Harry Kupfer?
A: Harry Kupfer (12 August 1935 — 30 December 2019) was a German opera director and academic.

Q: What is Shen Chun-shan?
A: Shen Chun-shan (29 August 1932 – 12 September 2018) was a Taiwanese academic.

Q: What is Aye-aye?
A: The aye-aye (Daubentonia madagascariensis) is a lemur which lives in rain forests of Madagascar, a large island off the southeast coast of Africa.(madagascar).

Q: What is Gilberto Aceves Navarro?
A: Gilberto Aceves Navarro (September 24, 1931 – October 21, 2019) was a Mexican painter and sculptor.

Q: What is Kingston, Ontario?
A: Kingston, Ontario is a Canadian city at the eastern end of Lake Ontario.

Q: What is Ventilator?
A: A ventilator is a machine which artificially moves air in and out of the lungs of a patient in order to help them breathe if that patient cannot breathe properly on their own.

Q: What is La Siberia?
A: La Siberia is a Spanish local administrative division located in Badajoz, Extremadura.

Q: What is Mazumbai warty frog?
A: The Mazumbai warty frog (Callulina kisiwamsitu) is a frog.

Q: What is Minya Governorate?
A: Minya Governorate is a governorate of Egypt.

Q: What is Malpertuis (movie)?
A: Malpertuis is a 1971 Belgian French German fantasy horror movie directed by Harry Kümel and is based on the novel of the same name.

Q: What is Schinznach (disambiguation)?
A: Schinznach may refer to: * Schinznach-Bad, Aargau, Switzerland * Schinznach-Dorf, a former municipality in Aargau, Switzerland * Schinznach, a new municipality created in 2014 in Aargau, Switzerland.

Q: What is Zendaya?
A: Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman ( ; born September 1, 1996) is an American actress and singer.

Q: What is Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters?
A: Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters is a Japanese television series.

Q: What is 136 (number)?
A: 136 is the natural number after 135 and before 137.

Q: What is Racers (movie)?
A: Racers () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Maslennikov.

Q: What is Last Exit to Brooklyn (movie)?
A: Last Exit to Brooklyn is a 1989 English-language British-German drama movie, directed by Uli Edel, and based on the novel by Hubert Selby Jr.

Q: What is Hardeman County?
A: Hardeman County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Hardeman County, Tennessee * Hardeman County, Texas.

Q: What is Antwerpen-Centraal railway station?
A: Antwerpen-Centraal railway station (, ) is the main railway station in Antwerp, Belgium.

Q: What is Apollo 8 Genesis reading?
A: On December 24, 1968, the crew of Apollo 8 read from the Book of Genesis on a television broadcast of their mission as they orbited the moon.

Q: What is Prestonsburg, Kentucky?
A: Prestonsburg is a city in the United States.

Q: What is Rif Dimashq Governorate?
A: Rif Dimashq Governorate ( ', literally, the "Governorate of the Countryside of Damascus", Damascus Suburb) is one of the fourteen governorates (provinces) of Syria.

Q: What is Michelle Williams (actress)?
A: Michelle Williams (born September 9, 1980) is an Academy Award-nominated American actress.

Q: What is East Germany at the Olympics?
A: The German Democratic Republic (GDR), or East Germany, sent athletes to the Olympic Games from 1956 until 1988.

Q: What is Corentin Tolisso?
A: Corentin Tolisso (born 3 August 1994) is a French professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Ligue 1 club Lyon.

Q: What is Domingo Romera?
A: Domingo Romera Alcázar (26 May 1936 – 6 April 2022) was a Spanish politician.

Q: What is Façade?
A: A façade () is usually one side of the outside of a building.

Q: What is Enrique Agudo Camacho?
A: Enrique Agudo Camacho (born January 1, 1967 in Tarragona) is a table tennis athlete from Spain.

Q: What is Audrey Hepburn?
A: Audrey Kathleen Hepburn (née Ruston; 4 May 1929 – 20 January 1993) was a British actress admired for her charm and elegance.

Q: What is Saeed Al-Owairan?
A: Saeed Al-Owairan (born 19 August 1967) is a former Saudi Arabian football player.

Q: What is NYSE Chicago?
A: NYSE Chicago, formerly known as the Chicago Stock Exchange (CHX), is a stock exchange in Chicago, Illinois, United States.

Q: What is Scallion?
A: Scallions are a type of vegetable in the allium genus.

Q: What is French Union?
A: The French Union () was a political body created by France to replace the colonial system.

Q: What is Carlos Atlagic?
A: Carlos Wladimiro Atlagic Pinto (21 September 1915 - 22 August 1987) was a footballer from Chile.

Q: What is Ménil?
A: Ménil is a commune of 785 people (1999).

Q: What is Summer Phoenix?
A: Summer Joy Phoenix (née Bottom; born December 10, 1978) is an American actress, model and designer.

Q: What is Roseanne?
A: Roseanne is an American television sitcom.

Q: What is MSC Malaysia?
A: MSC Malaysia, formerly the Multimedia Super Corridor, is a special business zone in Kuala Lumpur, Putrajaya, Selangor, and parts of Negeri Sembilan.

Q: What is Mebane, North Carolina?
A: Mebane is a city located mostly in Alamance County, North Carolina, United States, and partly in Orange County, North Carolina.

Q: What is Henry II, Marquis of Namur?
A: Henry II (1206–1229) was the margrave of Namur from 1226 until his death.

Q: What is Everything2?
A: Everything2 or E2 is a website.

Q: What is Train (disambiguation)?
A: Train can mean more than one thing: *A train is a series of cars on a railway.

Q: What is Saint-Cloud?
A: Saint-Cloud is a commune in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France.

Q: What is Gunna (rapper)?
A: Sergio Giavanni Kitchens (born June 14, 1993), known professionally as Gunna, is an American rapper, songwriter, and record producer.

Q: What is Caretaker?
A: :Caretaker can also refer to a caregiver.

Q: What is Ahrar al-Sham?
A: : اَهَرَاَرْ اَلْشَاْمْ) is a Sunni Islamist jihadist group based in Syria with multiple sub groups to fight against the government of Syria and fight against Bashar al-Assad in the Islamic state based on group becoming defunct.

Q: What is Eurovision Song Contest 2020?
A: The Eurovision Song Contest 2020 was a cancelled singing competition that was to be held in The Netherlands, after Duncan Laurence won the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 with the song ”Arcade”.

Q: What is Fire Country?
A: Fire Country is an American drama television series created by Max Thieriot that is set to air on CBS on October 7, 2022.

Q: What is Muse (band)?
A: Muse or The Muse is an English alternative rock trio.

Q: What is Shchyolkovo?
A: Shchyolkovo () is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia.

Q: What is Bella Thorne?
A: Annabella Avery "Bella" Thorne (born October 8, 1997) is an American actress, dancer, singer, and model.

Q: What is Vaccination?
A: is being vaccinated against polio.

Q: What is Communes of the Yvelines department?
A: The following is a list of the 262 communes of the French department of Yvelines.

Q: What is OKX?
A: OKX (), earlier it was known as OKEx, is a cryptocurrency exchange.

Q: What is Chemazé?
A: Chemazé is a commune of 1019 people (1999).

Q: What is Pickens, South Carolina?
A: Pickens, formerly called Pickens Courthouse, is a small town in Pickens County, South Carolina, United States.

Q: What is Mony Elkaïm?
A: Mony Elkaïm (7 November 1941 – 20 November 2020) was a Moroccan-Belgian psychiatrist and psychotherapist.

Q: What is Henri Vieuxtemps?
A: Henri François Joseph Vieuxtemps (17 February 1820 - 6 June 1881) was a Belgian composer and violinist.

Q: What is Emmanuel Auguste Marie Joseph de la Motte Baraffe?
A: Emmanuel Auguste Marie Joseph de la Motte Baraffe also written as De la Motte Baraffe de Lesdain (15 September 1782 – 9 May 1852) was a Dutch politician.

Q: What is Göztepe S.K.?
A: Göztepe Spor Kulübü (, Göztepe Sports Club) also known as Göztepe, is a Turkish sports club based in the Göztepe and Güzelyalı neighborhoods of İzmir.

Q: What is Small Island Developing States?
A: Small Island Developing States (SIDS) are low-lying coastal countries.

Q: What is Andrejs Prohorenkovs?
A: Andrejs Prohorenkovs (5 February 1977 – 1 May 2025) was a Latvian footballer.

Q: What is Adrija Roy?
A: Adrija Roy (born 4 July 1999) is an Indian television actress who is best known for her portrayal of Bimbo in Sanyashi Raja, Mou in Mou Er Bari, Charu Roy Chowdhury in Durga Aur Charu, Imlie Rana Reddy in Imlieand Aadhya "Rahi" Kapadia in Anupamaa.

Q: What is Laura Ashley?
A: Laura Ashley (née Mountney; 7 September 1925 – 17 September 1985) was a fashion designer and business woman from Wales.

Q: What is The Parent Rap?
A: "The Parent Rap" is the second episode of the thirteenth season of The Simpsons.

Q: What is Subscription?
A: A subscription is a product or service which is paid for periodically, rather than all at once.

Q: What is China at the 2018 Winter Paralympics?
A: China sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.

Q: What is Book of Amos?
A: The Book of Amos is one of the books of the Nevi'im (Hebrew: "prophets") and of the Christian Old Testament.

Q: What is Wandered to LA?
A: "Wandered to LA" is a song by American rapper and singer Juice Wrld and Canadian singer Justin Bieber.

Q: What is Sanamahi Kachin?
A: "Sanamahi Kachin", also known as "Lainingthou Kachin", is an altar place dedicated to Lainingthou Sanamahi in the household of the followers of Meitei religion (Sanamahism).

Q: What is Marc-Vivien Foé?
A: Marc-Vivien Foé (1 May 1975 – 26 June 2003) was a Cameroonian professional football player.

Q: What is Walworth County, Wisconsin?
A: Walworth County is a county located in the U.S.

Q: What is Persian?
A: Persian might mean: *Something related to Iran, which used to be called Persia wrongfully by a small group of countries before 1935 regular Western years.

Q: What is Laurence R. Harvey?
A: Laurence Robert Harvey (born 17 July 1970) is an English actor.

Q: What is Vatroslav Mimica?
A: Vatroslav Mimica (25 June 1923 &ndash; 15 February 2020) was a Croatian movie director and screenwriter.

Q: What is Bokermannohyla ravida?
A: The Bokermannohyla ravida is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Q: What is Union Jack?
A: Union Flag or Union Jack is the national flag of the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Capital One Arena?
A: Capital One Arena is a sports arena in Washington D.C.

Q: What is Michael Gargiulo?
A: Michael Thomas Gargiulo (born February 15, 1976) is a convicted American serial killer and rapist.

Q: What is Valence (Tarn-et-Garonne)?
A: :This article is about a village in the french department Tart-et-Garonne.

Q: What is Ashes to Ashes (Faith No More song)?
A: "Ashes to Ashes" is a 1997 song by Faith No More.

Q: What is Alojz Rebula?
A: Alojz Rebula (June 21, 1924 – October 23, 2018) was a Slovene writer, playwright, essayist, and translation In 1975, Pahor and Rebula published a book interview entitled Edvard Kocbek: Pričevalec našega časa (Edvard Kocbek: Witness of Our Time), in which Rebula condemned the summary killings of 12,000 members of Slovene anti-communist militia in May and June 1945.

Q: What is Aquaculture?
A: Aquaculture is the farming of fish, shrimp, abalones, algae, and other seafood.

Q: What is Departure (Journey album)?
A: Departure is the sixth studio album by Journey.

Q: What is Franklin County, Arkansas?
A: Franklin County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is For Sama?
A: For Sama ( ‘min ajl sama‘) is a 2019 Syrian American British documentary movie directed by and narrated by Waad Al-Kateab and Edward Watts.

Q: What is Kirk Cousins?
A: Kirk Daniel Cousins (born August 19, 1988) is an American football quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Lutherstadt Wittenberg?
A: Wittenberg ( , ; Low Saxon: Wittenbarg; meaning White Mountain; officially Lutherstadt Wittenberg (traditional English: Luther City Wittenberg, Low Saxon: Lutherstadt Wittenbarg)) is a town in Germany.

Q: What is Montigny-sur-l'Hallue?
A: Montigny-sur-l&#39;Hallue is a commune.

Q: What is Kitty Jutbring?
A: Anna Maria Kitty Skura Jutbring (born 8 April 1977) is a Swedish reality television contestant, radio/television host, She became known in Sweden after being a housemate on the second series of Big Brother in 2002.

Q: What is Pyrrhus?
A: Pyrrhus or Pyrrhos (; 319–272 BC) was a Greek king and statesman of the Hellenistic period.

Q: What is Anthiyur taluk?
A: Anthiyur taluk (Tamil: அந்தியூர் வட்டம்) is a taluk of Erode district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

Q: What is Ravenna?
A: Ravenna is a city and comune in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.

Q: What is Irv Robbins?
A: Irv Robbins was the brother-in-law of Burt Baskin.

Q: What is Muchacha italiana viene a casarse?
A: Muchacha italiana viene a casarse, is a Mexican telenovela.

Q: What is Viganello?
A: Viganello is a quarter of the city of Lugano, Switzerland.

Q: What is José Manuel Mireles Valverde?
A: José Manuel Mireles Valverde (24 October 1958 &ndash; 25 November 2020) was a Mexican medical doctor and activist.

Q: What is Solid-state chemistry?
A: Solid-state chemistry, (also called materials chemistry) is the study of the synthesis, structure, and properties of solid phase materials.

Q: What is Hexafluorosilicic acid?
A: of hexafluorosilicic acid crystals.

Q: What is Macarthur FC?
A: Macarthur FC, nicknamed the Bulls, is an Australian soccer club from southern Sydney.

Q: What is Frank J. Kelley?
A: Frank Joseph Kelley (December 31, 1924 &ndash; March 5, 2021) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer.

Q: What is Damnation?
A: In Western Christian belief, damnation to hell is the punishment of God for persons who were sinners.

Q: What is Moxee, Washington?
A: Moxee is a city in Yakima County, Washington, United States.

Q: What is Jump boot?
A: Jump boots are the combat boots worn by paratroopers.

Q: What is Marie Picasso?
A: Marie Picasso (born 24 April 1979) is a Swedish reality show star, model and singer who rose to fame in 2002 when she was a housemate on Big Brother.

Q: What is Alejandro Atchugarry?
A: Alejandro Víctor Washington Atchugarry Bonomi (31 July 1952 &ndash; 19 February 2017) was an Uruguayan lawyer and politician.

Q: What is Empire of Vietnam?
A: The Empire of Vietnam (, French: ) was a puppet state controlled by Japan.

Q: What is John Payne (voice actor)?
A: John Payne is a British-Canadian voice actor.

Q: What is The Rascals?
A: The Rascals (formerly known as The Young Rascals) were an American pop-soul group popular in the 1960s.

Q: What is Cley next the Sea?
A: Cley next the Sea () or (), Anglo-Saxon Clæg "clay", is a village (population 376) in North Norfolk, England.

Q: What is Alfonso Portugal?
A: Alfonso Portugal Díaz (21 January 1934 &ndash; 12 June 2016) was a Mexican footballer.

Q: What is Jane Dee Hull?
A: Jane Dee Hull (née Bowersock; August 8, 1935 &ndash; April 16, 2020) was an American politician and educator.

Q: What is Saint-Pey-d'Armens?
A: Saint-Pey-d&#39;Armens is a commune.

Q: What is Nord (French department)?
A: Nord is a department in the north of France, in the Hauts-de-France region.

Q: What is Dexter King?
A: Dexter Scott King (January 30, 1961 – January 22, 2024) was an American civil rights activist.

Q: What is Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll?
A: Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll (17 January 1801 – 16 January 1856), an illegitimate daughter of William IV of the United Kingdom She married her husband at St George's, Hanover Square, an Anglican church in Westminster.

Q: What is Jan Merlin?
A: Jan Merlin (born Jan Wasylewski; April 3, 1925 – September 20, 2019) was an American character actor, screenwriter, and author.

Q: What is Curious George (TV series)?
A: Curious George is an American animated educational children's television series based on the eponymous children's book series.

Q: What is Jeff Garcia?
A: Jeffrey Jason Garcia (born February 24, 1970) is a former American football and Canadian football quarterback.

Q: What is Michael Elgin?
A: Aaron Michael Frobel is a Canadian professional wrestler.

Q: What is FishBase?
A: FishBase is a global species database of fish.

Q: What is Family International?
A: Family International is a New Age religion and a cult.

Q: What is Giuseppe Rossi?
A: Giuseppe Rossi (born 1 February 1987) is an Italian football player.

Q: What is Muhammad IV of Granada?
A: Abu Abdullah Muhammad ibn Ismail (Arabic: أبو عبد الله محمد بن إسماعيل الرابع), also known as Muhammad IV (14 April 1315 – 25 August 1333), was the ruler of the Emirate of Granada on the Iberian Peninsula from 1325 to 1333.

Q: What is Diary of a Mad Housewife?
A: Diary of a Mad Housewife is a 1970 American comedy drama movie directed by Frank Perry and based on the 1967 novel of the same name by Sue Kaufman.

Q: What is The Canberra Times?
A: The Canberra Times is a daily newspaper in Canberra, Australia.

Q: What is Cutleria?
A: Cutleria is extinct genus of carnivorous Pelycosaurs.

Q: What is Fiat Panda?
A: The Fiat Panda is a small car made by Fiat from 1980 to the present day.

Q: What is Imperial German Army?
A: The Imperial German Army (1871–1919), officially called the German Army (), was the unified ground and air force of the German Empire.

Q: What is Kolkata district?
A: Kolkata district is an administrative district of West Bengal.

Q: What is Eyrieux River?
A: The Eyrieux River is a river in Europe.

Q: What is Ballotpedia?
A: Ballotpedia is a non-partisan online political encyclopedia.

Q: What is Shikwa and Jawab-e-Shikwa?
A: "Shikwa" (, "Complaint") and "Jawab-e-Shikwa" (, "Response to the Complaint") are Urdu language poems by Muhammad Iqbal.

Q: What is Book of Jonah?
A: The Old Testament book of Jonah, contains four chapters, and forty-eight verses.

Q: What is Volkswagen Golf Mk8?
A: The Volkswagen Golf Mk8 also known as [Golf eight, or] Golf VIII, is the eighth generation of the compact car Volkswagen Golf.

Q: What is Trans-Neptunian object?
A: and its moon Dysnomia are both Trans-Neptunian Objects Trans-Neptunian object or TNO is a name astronomers give to any minor planet in the Solar System which orbits (travels around) the Sun beyond the planet Neptune.

Q: What is List of largest Hindu temples?
A: This is a list of largest Hindu Temples in terms of area.

Q: What is Pontotoc County?
A: Pontotoc County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Pontotoc County, Mississippi * Pontotoc County, Oklahoma.

Q: What is Jordan Atomic Energy Commission?
A: The Jordan Atomic Energy Commission (, JAEC) is the official body in Jordan responsible for peaceful nuclear development related to peaceful nuclear energy.

Q: What is Carbondale, Pennsylvania?
A: Carbondale is a city in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.

Q: What is Owen Woodhouse?
A: Lieutenant Commander Sir Arthur Owen Woodhouse (18 July 1916 &ndash; 15 April 2014), better known as Owen Woodhouse, was a New Zealand lawyer, jurist and chair of government commissions.

Q: What is Isolationism?
A: Isolationism is a category of foreign policies by political leader who believe their nations' best interests are done by keeping the affairs of other countries at a distance.

Q: What is Scott Stearney?
A: Scott Andrew Stearney (October 21, 1960 &ndash; December 1, 2018) was an American naval aviator and Vice Admiral of the United States Navy.

Q: What is Bobby Freeman?
A: Robert Thomas "Bobby" Freeman (June 13, 1940 &ndash; January 23, 2017) was an African-American soul and R&B singer-songwriter and record producer.

Q: What is 2023–24 Liverpool F.C. season?
A: Caraboa Cup Winners 1-0 Versus Chelsea Top of the premiership as of March 4th In the UEFA Europa League as of march 4th In the Fa cup as of march 4th.

Q: What is Tours FC?
A: Tours Football Club, commonly known as Tours, was a football club from Tours, France.

Q: What is Åtvidaberg Municipality?
A: Åtvidaberg Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden.

Q: What is Montmaur, Aude?
A: Montmaur is a commune of 307 people (2017).

Q: What is Karlovac?
A: Karlovac is a city in central Croatia.

Q: What is Brady's Beasts?
A: Brady's Beasts is an animated horror television series based on the book How to Care for Your Monster by Norman Bridwell.

Q: What is Province of Ancona?
A: The province of Ancona () is a province in the Marche region of Central Italy.

Q: What is Mongu?
A: Mongu is the capital city of Western Province, Zambia of the Lozi people.

Q: What is Sauron?
A: Sauron is the main villain in J.

Q: What is Cris (footballer, born 1977)?
A: Cristiano Marques Gomes (born 3 June 1977), or simply Cris, is a Brazilian football manager and former player who was most recently manager of French Championnat National club Versailles.

Q: What is Agout?
A: The Agout or Agoût () is a river in southwestern France, left tributary of the Tarn river.

Q: What is Grind?
A: Grind might mean: *The grind of a blade is the cross-section of the blade *To finely grate something, like coffee beans *In skateboarding, a grind is a trick on a skateboard *grinding your teeth together.

Q: What is Treaty of Paris (1259)?
A: The Treaty of Paris was a treaty between Louis IX of France and Henry III of England, agreed to on December 4, 1259.

Q: What is Therapeutic abortion?
A: , her uterus was removed and a therapeutic abortion was carried out.

Q: What is Queensrÿche?
A: Queensrÿche is an American heavy metal band.

Q: What is UDFj-39546284?
A: UDFj-39546284 is a 'stellar structure' (probably a galaxy) reported January 27, 2011 as light from the Most distant things The actual stellar source of the light detected no longer exists.

Q: What is Garda, Veneto?
A: Garda is a comune in the Province of Verona in the Veneto region in Italy.

Q: What is Kumbharli Ghat Pass?
A: The Kumbharli Ghat is a mountain pass in Maharashtra, India cutting across the Western Ghats range.

Q: What is Wet cell?
A: A wet cell is a cell that contains a liquid electrolyte.

Q: What is Joost Eerdmans?
A: Bernard Johannes "Joost" Eerdmans (born 9 January 1971) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant.

Q: What is William Henry Bragg?
A: Sir William Henry Bragg (2 July 1862 – 12 March 1942) was a British physicist, chemist, mathematician and active sportsman.

Q: What is Los Angeles County Superior Court?
A: Los Angeles County Superior Court is a court in the county of Los Angeles.

Q: What is Tehran province?
A: Tehran, a province populated by a majority Caspian people population, is one of the 31 provinces of Iran.

Q: What is Kehlen?
A: Kehlen () is a commune in Luxembourg.

Q: What is The Heiresses (2018 movie)?
A: The Heiresses () is a 2018 Paraguayan French German Norwegian Brazilian Uruguayan Italian drama movie directed by Marcelo Martinessi and stars Ana Brun, Margarita Irún, Ana Ivanova, María Martins, Alicia Guerra, Yverá Zayas.

Q: What is Kaabil?
A: Kaabil () is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Sanjay Gupta, written by Vijay Kumar Mishra, produced by Rakesh Roshan under his banner FilmKraft Productions.

Q: What is Ja zuster, nee zuster?
A: Ja zuster, nee zuster (in English: Yes Nurse, No Nurse) was a very popular comedy series on Dutch television in the late 1960s.

Q: What is Cyrus Mistry?
A: Cyrus Mistry (born Cyrus Pallonji Mistry; 4 July 1968 – 4 September 2022), was an Indian businessman.

Q: What is Holiday?
A: A holiday is a regularly reoccurring festive day.

Q: What is Karma Automotive?
A: Karma Automotive is an American company that makes luxury electric vehicles.

Q: What is Lilian Styles?
A: Lilian Styles (born 20 June 1905) was a British athletics competitor specialized in the 800 metres and cross country running.

Q: What is Balli Kombëtar?
A: The Balli Kombëtar, was an Nationalist movement during World War II.

Q: What is Aleksandër Meksi?
A: Aleksandër Meksi (born 8 March 1939) is an Albanian politician.

Q: What is John O'Shea?
A: John Francis O'Shea (; born 30 April 1981) is an Irish professional football coach and former player.

Q: What is Castle Rock, Colorado?
A: Castle Rock is a home rule municipality that is the county seat of castle-tower-shaped butte near the center of town.

Q: What is Pat Summerall?
A: George Allen "Pat" Summerall (May 10, 1930 &ndash; April 16, 2013) was a former American football player and sports television sportscaster.

Q: What is Donald Dwight?
A: Donald Rathbun Dwight (born March 26, 1931) is an American newspaper executive and politician.

Q: What is Cervelló?
A: Cervelló is a municipality in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Q: What is Polar vortex?
A: The polar vortex (alternate names: Arctic cyclone or polar vortice) is a persistent large-scale cyclone located near geographical poles of a planet.

Q: What is Lavinia Warren?
A: Mercy Lavinia Warren Bump (October 31, 1841 - November 25, 1919) was an American entertainer.

Q: What is Glossary of climate change?
A: Glossary of climate change is a list of terms commonly used in climate change.

Q: What is 2015 FIFA corruption case?
A: The 2015 FIFA corruption case was a court case that was about corruption in FIFA and its associations.

Q: What is Lidingö SK?
A: Lidingö SK is a sports club in Lidingö in Sweden.

Q: What is Amy Fisher?
A: Amy Elizabeth Fisher (born August 21, 1974) is an American woman.

Q: What is A Brighter Summer Day?
A: A Brighter Summer Day is a 1991 Taiwanese crime drama movie directed by Edward Yang and starring Chang Chen, Elaine Jin, Lawrence Ko, Chang Kuo-chu, Lisa Yang, Tan Chihkang.

Q: What is Hobo spider?
A: A Hobo Spider is a spider like funnel-web spiders.

Q: What is Laughing kookaburra?
A: The laughing kookaburra (Dacelo novaeguineae) is a type of kingfisher.

Q: What is Norco (medication)?
A: Norco is a medicine to help with pain.

Q: What is Denis Healey?
A: Denis Winston Healey, Baron Healey CH, MBE, PC (30 August 1917 &ndash; 3 October 2015) was a British Labour politician.

Q: What is Margoth Escobar?
A: Margoth Escobar is an Ecuadorian person who works for environmental and native people's rights.

Q: What is Wallace and Gromit?
A: Wallace and Gromit are the main characters in a series of animations by Aardman Animations.

Q: What is Brian Drummond?
A: Brian Drummond (born August 10, 1969) is a Canadian actor, former stage actor, singer, voice artist, and comedian, best known for voicing the roles of Vegeta, Yajirobe, and Vegito in the Ocean Studios English dub of Dragon Ball Z.

Q: What is Augusto Martelli?
A: Augusto Martelli (15 March 1940 - 3 November 2014) was an Italian composer, conductor, arranger and television personality.

Q: What is Cy McClairen?
A: Jack Forsyth "Cy" McClairen (March 2, 1931 &ndash; December 28, 2020) was an American football player and coach.

Q: What is Guayaquil?
A: Guayaquil (), officially Santiago de Guayaquil (), is the largest city in Ecuador.

Q: What is Al-Falah School massacre?
A: The Al-Falah School massacre is a massacre committed by the Israeli Defense Forces when it raided Al-Falah School, which is associated with UNRWA.

Q: What is Mount Pico?
A: Mount Pico () is a composite volcano (or stratovolcano); it is the highest point of the Portuguese island of Pico in the Azores.

Q: What is Compound semiconductor?
A: A compound semiconductor is a semiconductor where the main structure of the material is made from more than one chemical element.

Q: What is Starke, Florida?
A: Starke is a city of Florida in the United States.

Q: What is Commission to Study and Develop Reparation Proposals for African-Americans Act?
A: The Commission to Study and Develop Reparation Proposals for African-Americans Act is a law first introduced in the U.S.

Q: What is SMS?
A: An SMS, or short messaging service is a type of communication used in mobile phones.

Q: What is Royal Army Ordnance Corps?
A: The Royal Army Ordnance Corps was a corps of the British Army.

Q: What is Bridge of Sighs?
A: The Bridge of Sighs (Italian: Ponte dei Sospiri) is a small bridge in Venice, northern Italy.

Q: What is My Favorite Mistake?
A: "My Favorite Mistake" is a 1998 song by Sheryl Crow and is the leading single from her third studio album The Globe Sessions.

Q: What is Tarzan and the Jungle Boy?
A: Tarzan and the Jungle Boy is a 1968 American adventure movie directed by Robert Gordon and starring Mike Henry, Rafer Johnson, Aliza Gur, Steve Bond, Ron Gans.

Q: What is Edgemoor, Delaware?
A: Edgemoor is a census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Q: What is Lord Leslie?
A: Lord Leslie is a title of nobility connected to the lands around the town of Leslie in Fife.

Q: What is Grey-cheeked bulbul?
A: The grey-cheeked bulbul (Alophoixus tephrogenys) is a species of songbird in the bulbul family, Pycnonotidae.

Q: What is Chaturbate?
A: Chaturbate is a website for live webcam shows that are sexual in nature.

Q: What is Vasco Almeida e Costa?
A: Vasco Fernando Leote de Almeida e Costa, GCIH, GCL (; 26 July 1932 – 25 July 2010) was a Portuguese naval officer and politician who was the Minister of Internal Administration between 19 September 1975 and 23 July 1976.

Q: What is Recommender system?
A: A recommender system is usually a computer system which makes suggestions to the user about how to do a task.

Q: What is List of Hindi films of 2025?
A: The following is the list of highest-grossing Hindi cinema films released in 20.

Q: What is Statue of Christ the King (Castiglioni)?
A: Statue of Christ the King (Catholic University of Milan) is the sculptural work of Giannino Castiglioni, one of the greatest sculptors of the 20th century, placed in the central niche of the facade of the Office Palace of the Catholic University of the Sacred Heart, designed by Giovanni Muzio, representing Christ the King in a monumental context.

Q: What is Jeffrey Epstein?
A: Filthy Rich: Jeffrey Epstein: Filthy Rich is an American television miniseries about convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.

Q: What is Dadang Wigiarto?
A: Dadang Wigiarto (20 December 1966 &ndash; 26 November 2020) was an Indonesian politician.

Q: What is Antugnac?
A: Antugnac is a commune of 266 people (1999).

Q: What is Clarence Clifton Young?
A: Clarence Clifton Young (November 7, 1922 &ndash; April 3, 2016) was an American politician from the state of Nevada.

Q: What is Love Never Felt So Good?
A: "Love Never Felt So Good" is a song by American singer and songwriter Michael Jackson, released posthumously in 2014 as part of the album Xscape.

Q: What is Mur, Switzerland?
A: Mur is a former municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Thailand?
A: Thailand ( or ; , ), officially the Kingdom of Thailand (, ; ), is a country in Southeast Asia.

Q: What is Ali Wong?
A: Alexandra Wong (born April 19, 1982) is an American actress, comedian, producer, and writer.

Q: What is Orpund?
A: Orpund is a municipality in the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Andre Wisdom?
A: Andre Alexander Shaquille Wisdom (born 9 May 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right back or centre back for National League club FC Halifax Town.

Q: What is József Duró?
A: József Duró (26 June 1966 – 22 May 2022) was a Hungarian football manager and player.

Q: What is Zigzag of Success?
A: Zigzag of Success () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov.

Q: What is Nuclear espionage?
A: Nuclear espionage is sharing a country's secrets about nuclear weapons to other countries without permission.

Q: What is Leinfelden-Echterdingen?
A: Leinfelden-Echterdingen (Swabian: Lãẽfelde-Echderdenge or Laefälda-Ächdordeng, regional dialect: Laefälda-Ächdordenga) is a town in the district of Esslingen.

Q: What is Sweetgreen?
A: Sweetgreen is an American fast casual restaurant chain.

Q: What is Acanthopleura granulata?
A: Acanthopleura granulata, the West Indian fuzzy chiton, is a medium-sized tropical species.

Q: What is Guity Novin?
A: Guity Novin (born Guity Navran on April 21, 1944) is a Persian-Canadian painter and sculptor.

Q: What is Diesel fuel?
A: Diesel oil or diesel fuel is a type of fuel for cars, trucks, trains, etc, using a diesel engine.

Q: What is Voiced dental lateral fricative?
A: The voiced dental lateral fricative is a type of consonant.

Q: What is Cerignola?
A: Cerignola is an Italian city in Apulia.

Q: What is Jefferson, South Dakota?
A: Jefferson is a city in the southeastern part of the U.S.

Q: What is Chaudon-Norante?
A: Chaudon-Norante is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Q: What is Robert Remak?
A: Robert Remak (26 July 1815 – 29 August 1865) was a German embryologist, physiologist, and neurologist, born in Posen, Prussia.

Q: What is Richard Bustillo?
A: Richard S Bustillo (January 28, 1942 &ndash; March 30, 2017) was an Americans Bustillo was born to a Filipino family at a YMCA center in Oahu, Hawaii.

Q: What is COVID-19 pandemic in Spain?
A: The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Spain on 31 January 2020, when a German tourist tested positive for that of mainland China, and only Italy's was higher.

Q: What is Oil palm?
A: Oil palm is the name of different species of palm trees, which are mainly used to produce vegetable oil: * The genus Elaeis contains two species, which are used to produce palm oil * The Coconut palm (Cocos nucifera) is used to produce coconut oil * The Maripa palm (Attalea maripa) produces edible fruit; seeds of these palms have been found at sites dating to 9.000 BP.

Q: What is Orion complex?
A: near the centre, with the Belt of Orion, and Barnard's Loop curling around the image The Orion complex (sometimes called the Orion molecular cloud complex) is a huge star-forming area in the constellation of Orion (constellation) It is a large group of bright nebulae, dark clouds, and young star clusters.

Q: What is Fathers and Sons (1958 movie)?
A: Fathers and Sons () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Adolf Bergunker and Natalya Rashevskaya.

Q: What is Vuelta Ciclista a España?
A: The (also , or simply Vuelta) is a long-distance bicycle race.

Q: What is Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg?
A: Infobox Former Country | |State of the Holy Roman Empire, State of the Confederation of the Rhine, State of the German Confederation | | |Union of Saxe-Gotha&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and Saxe-Altenburg | |20px|Image missing |20px|Image missing |20px|Image missing |20px|Image missing | | | Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg () was a country in what is today Thuringia, Germany.

Q: What is Ray Hannigan?
A: Raymond James Hannigan (July 14, 1927 &ndash; July 18, 2020) was a Canadian-American professional ice hockey right winger.

Q: What is Moussoulens?
A: Moussoulens is a commune of 1,018 people (2017).

Q: What is Alphonse of Poitiers?
A: Alphonse of Poitiers or Alfonso or Alphonse (11 November 1220 – 21 August 1271) was the Count of Poitou from 1225 and Count of Toulouse (as Alfonso II) from 1247.

Q: What is John P. White?
A: John Patrick White (February 27, 1937 &ndash; September 3, 2017) was an American politician and military personnel.

Q: What is United Liberation Front of Assam?
A: The United Liberation Front of Assam is a separatist group from Assam, among many other such groups in North-east India.

Q: What is Venkaiah Naidu?
A: Muppavarapu Venkaiah Naidu, (born 1 July 1949) is an Indian politician.

Q: What is Ricardo Cruzat Ochagavía?
A: Ricardo Cruzat Ochagavía (Santiago, April 6, 1962) is a Chilean commercial engineer, former general manager of the state-owned National Petroleum Company (Enap).

Q: What is Flag of Ghana?
A: The flag of Ghana has three equal horizontal bands of red, yellow, and green, with a five-pointed black star in its center.

Q: What is Marked for Death?
A: Marked for Death is a 1990 action movie.

Q: What is Receptacle (botany)?
A: In biology and botany, the receptacle is the swollen basal part of the flower.

Q: What is The Beginning Place?
A: The Beginning Place is a fantasy book that was written by Ursula K.

Q: What is Celtic?
A: The words Celt and Celtic can have many meanings.

Q: What is Nokia E72?
A: The Nokia E72 is a smartphone from the Nokia Eseries, developed by Nokia as the successor to the Nokia E71.

Q: What is Erroll Bennett?
A: Erroll Bennett (7 May 1950 – 2 June 2025) was a Tahitian footballer.

Q: What is Chikuzen Province?
A: was an old province of Japan in the area that is today part of Fukuoka Prefecture on the island of Kyūshū.Louis-Frédéric Chikuzen had borders with Buzen, Bungo, Chikugo, and Hizen Provinces.

Q: What is Madongan dam?
A: Madongan Dam is a dam in the Philippines.

Q: What is Jimmy Smits?
A: Jimmy Smits (born July 9, 1955) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor who is known for his role as Victor Sifuentes in L.A.

Q: What is Carol Miller?
A: Carol Miller (née Devine; born November 4, 1950) is an American farmer, educator, and politician.

Q: What is 2025 in movies?
A: This is a list of the movies from the year 2025 that made the most money.

Q: What is Nicolai Gedda?
A: Nicolai Gedda (11 July 1925 &ndash; 8 January 2017) was a Swedish operatic tenor.

Q: What is Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games?
A: Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games is a 2009 video game published by Nintendo.

Q: What is Shrimad Vidyadhiraj Teerth Swamiji?
A: Shrimad Vidyadhiraj Teerth ( 3 August 1945 – 19 July 2021), was a Hindu philosopher & 23rd peethadhish of Gokarna math.

Q: What is Salyut 1?
A: Salyut 1 was the first ever space station sent into space.

Q: What is Met Office?
A: The Met Office (now the official name for the Meteorological Office) is the United Kingdom's national weather service.

Q: What is Aïcirits-Camou-Suhast?
A: Aïcirits-Camou-Suhast is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Tokyo Olympics?
A: Tokyo Olympics can mean: * 1940 Summer Olympics, moved to Helsinki first, then canceled due to World War II * 1964 Summer Olympics, games of the XVIII Olympiad * 2020 Summer Olympics, games of the XXXII Olympiad.

Q: What is John Noble?
A: John Noble (born 20 August 1948) is an Australian actor and theatre director.

Q: What is Qinling Mountains?
A: The Qinling Mountains (Traditional Chinese: 秦嶺, Simplified Chinese: 秦岭) are a major mountain range.

Q: What is Year 2038 problem?
A: The Year 2038 problem could affect computers that store time as the number of seconds since 1 January 1970 at 00:00:00 UTC, using a 32-bit signed integer.

Q: What is Geneva, Ohio?
A: Geneva is a city in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States.

Q: What is Ageism?
A: , founding director of the National Institute on Aging who coined the term "ageism" Ageism is when a person is treated badly only because of their age and a highly damaging social construct.

Q: What is Valencia, Negros Oriental?
A: Valencia is a municipality in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines.

Q: What is Hydrogen selenide?
A: Hydrogen selenide, also known as hydroselenic acid, selenium hydride, or selane, is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Emraan Hashmi?
A: Emraan Anwar Hashmi (pronounced [ɪmraːn ˈɦaːʃmi]; born 24 March 1979 ) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi cinema.

Q: What is Link Byfield?
A: Eric Linkord "Link" Byfield (December 5, 1951 – January 24, 2015) was a liver and esophageal cancer, aged 63, in the Sturgeon Community Hospital in St.

Q: What is Youhanna Golta?
A: Youhanna Golta (27 January 1937 – 15 February 2022) was an Egyptian Coptic Catholic hierarch.

Q: What is Kjartan Jóhannsson?
A: Kjartan Jóhannsson (19 December 1939 – 13 November 2020) an Icelandic politician.

Q: What is Felipe Massa?
A: Felipe Massa (born April 25 1981 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian Formula One racing driver.

Q: What is CC & Lee?
A: CC & Lee is a band from Sweden, established in 2003.

Q: What is Liu Xia (poet)?
A: Liu Xia (; born 1 April 1961, Beijing, China) is a painter, poet, and photographer who resides in Beijing, China.

Q: What is Darne machine gun?
A: The Darne Machine Gun was used first by the French, beginning in 1922.

Q: What is James Clark Ross?
A: Sir James Clark Ross (15 April 1800 – 3 April 1862), was a English naval officer and explorer.

Q: What is Nettavisen?
A: Nettavisen is an online newspaper from Norway.

Q: What is Spectral Force?
A: is a simualtion role-playing game franchises developed and published by Idea Factory.

Q: What is Deaths in June 2014?
A: The following is a list of notable deaths in June 2014.

Q: What is James Molyneaux, Baron Molyneaux of Killead?
A: James Henry Molyneaux, Baron Molyneaux of Killead, KBE, PC (27 August 1920 – 9 March 2015) was a Northern Irish Unionist politician.

Q: What is Rialto, California?
A: Rialto is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States.

Q: What is 2023 Venice bus crash?
A: In October 2023, a bus crash in Venice, Italy caused many deaths and injuries.

Q: What is IPhone 8?
A: The iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus are 11th generation of the smartphones designed and developed by Apple.

Q: What is John Jenkins (composer)?
A: John Jenkins (1592–1678) was an English composer.

Q: What is Stronger (Kanye West song)?
A: "Stronger" is a 2007 song by rapper Kanye West.

Q: What is Gabriel Daza?
A: Sir Don Gabriel Daza (February 6, 1896 – May 18, 1994) was a Filipino electrical engineer who was a co-founder of Filipino corporations such as the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT), together with Joseph E.

Q: What is Hurricane Electric?
A: Hurricane Electric is a global Internet service provider based in Fremont, California.

Q: What is Garden fork?
A: A garden fork, also called a spading fork or digging fork, is a tool for digging.

Q: What is Gabriel Mouton?
A: Gabriel Mouton (1618 – 28 September 1694) was a French abbot and scientist.

Q: What is Italia (disambiguation)?
A: Italia may mean *Italy, the modern country *Italia (Roman province), the Roman province on the Italian peninsula.

Q: What is Multi-sport event?
A: A multi-sport event is an organized sporting event, often held over multiple days, featuring competition in many different sports among organized teams of athletes from (mostly) nation-states.

Q: What is Peter Blake (artist)?
A: Sir Peter Thomas Blake, CBE (born 25 June 1932 in Dartford, Kent) is an English pop artist, best known for his design of the sleeve for The Beatles' album Sgt.

Q: What is Tiger, Blood in the Mouth?
A: Tiger, Blood in the Mouth () is a 2016 Argentine Italian action drama movie directed by Hernán Belón.

Q: What is Socioeconomics?
A: Socioeconomics (or social economics) is a type of social science which is based around economic activity and how it is changed by social processes.

Q: What is Frankfurt Parliament?
A: The Frankfurt Parliament (, literally Frankfurt National Assembly) was the first freely elected parliament for all of Germany.

Q: What is Nash, North Dakota?
A: Nash is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Walsh County, North Dakota, United States.

Q: What is Lienz District?
A: The Lienz District () is a district in Tyrol, Austria.

Q: What is Andrea Lloyd?
A: Andrea Lloyd (born August 10, 1971 in Rastatt, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was in the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Pont-l'évêque cheese?
A: Pont-l'évêque is a soft cheese from Normandy.

Q: What is Green Party of Alaska?
A: The Green Party of Alaska (GPAK) is a political group in Alaska.

Q: What is Tore André Flo?
A: Tore André Flo (born 15 June 1973) is a Norwegian professional football coach and a former striker who is the manager of 1.

Q: What is Bethune-Cookman University?
A: Bethune-Cookman University is a private university in Daytona Beach, Florida.

Q: What is Auxiliary bishop?
A: An auxiliary bishop is a bishop who helps the main bishop of a diocese with his duties and work.

Q: What is Gérard Debreu?
A: Gérard Debreu (; 4 July 1921 – 31 December 2004) was a French economist and mathematician.

Q: What is România Mare?
A: România Mare, translated from Romanian can mean: *Kingdom of Romania under the King Ferdinand I *Greater Romania.

Q: What is Rachid Taha?
A: Rachid Taha (Arabic: رشيد طه) (18 September 1958 – 12 September 2018) was an Algerian singer-songwriter and activist.

Q: What is The Vagabond King (1956 movie)?
A: The Vagabond King is a 1956 American musical movie directed by Michael Curtiz and was based on the 1925 musical of the same name by Rudolf Friml.

Q: What is George Butler (filmmaker)?
A: George Tyssen Butler (12 October 1943 – 22 October 2021) was a British-American filmmaker and photographer.

Q: What is Burstall?
A: Burstall is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England.

Q: What is Politics in Islam?
A: Islamic scholars claim that only the Caliphate and the Muslim monarchy are legitimate Islamic political systems.

Q: What is Lavey-Morcles?
A: Lavey-Morcles is a municipality in the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Rostov Oblast?
A: Rostov Oblast () is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast).

Q: What is Phetchabun?
A: Phetchabun is a town in the northeastern and the central part of Thailand.

Q: What is Uralic languages?
A: The Uralic languages are a language family.

Q: What is Hollfeld?
A: Hollfeld is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Spackenkill, New York?
A: Spackenkill is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Dutchess County, New York, United States.

Q: What is Rockford IceHogs?
A: The Rockford IceHogs are an American professional ice hockey team that was founded in 2007 they play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the Chicago Blackhawks.

Q: What is Waxed paper?
A: Waxed paper (or wax paper) is a type of paper which has been coated on both sides with wax.

Q: What is Teofil Wilski?
A: Teofil Józef Wilski (October 16, 1935 &ndash; March 26, 2022) was a Polish Roman Catholic prelate.

Q: What is Stephen House?
A: Sir Stephen "Steve" House (born 1957) is a British police officer.

Q: What is Michael Stivic?
A: Michael Stivic is a fictional character from the American sitcom, All in the Family.

Q: What is Eva Rönström?
A: Eva Rönström (later Ericsson or Eriksson, 29 December 1932 – 7 October 2021) was a Swedish gymnastics Rönstrom died on 7 October 2021, at the age of 88.

Q: What is List of postcode areas in the United Kingdom?
A: The United Kingdom is divided by Royal Mail into postcode areas.

Q: What is Cyrielle Banet?
A: Cyrielle Banet (born 29 August 1994) is a French rugby union player.

Q: What is Curaçao?
A: Curaçao is an island country in the Caribbean Sea.

Q: What is Rob Boutilier?
A: Robert Boutilier (born 1971 in Halifax County) is a Canadian animator, director, writer, and storyboard artist, Boutilier went to Vancouver Film School in 1996, as well as the University of King's College.

Q: What is Winnebago County?
A: Winnebago County is the name of three counties in the United States: * Winnebago County, Illinois * Winnebago County, Iowa * Winnebago County, Wisconsin.

Q: What is Mihoko Tsutsui?
A: Mihoko Tsutsui (, born 6 December 1985) is a Japanese volleyball player.

Q: What is Denzel Curry?
A: Denzel Rae Don Curry (born February 16, 1995) is an American rapper and singer.

Q: What is Gas City, Indiana?
A: Gas City is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Q: What is Secondary growth?
A: Secondary growth is a term in botany.

Q: What is Pamphlet?
A: A pamphlet is a small book without a hard cover or binding.

Q: What is Angelica Kauffman?
A: Angelica Kauffmann (1741-1807) Swiss painter know for her portraits and history painting.

Q: What is Transcription (music)?
A: A musical transcription is musical notation for an existing piece of music that had been previously unnotated.

Q: What is VfL Osnabrück?
A: The VfL Osnabrück is a football club which plays in Germany.

Q: What is Enūma Eliš?
A: Enūma Eliš (also spelled "Enuma Elish") is a Babylonian creation myth from the late 2nd millennium BCE and the only complete account of ancient near eastern cosmology that remains.

Q: What is James D. Watkins?
A: James David Watkins (March 7, 1927July 26, 2012) was an American politician.

Q: What is Catch (baseball)?
A: In baseball, a catch occurs when a fielder gains possession of a batted ball in flight, and keeps possession until he purposefully or accidentally releases the ball.

Q: What is Slugterra?
A: Return of the Elementals: Slugterra: Return of the Elementals is a 2014 Canadian animated movie produced by Nerd Corps Entertainment and distributed by Disney XD, Screen Vision, Shout Factory, and Cineplex.

Q: What is Jedwabne pogrom (1941)?
A: of the Jedwabne pogrom, 10 July 1941.

Q: What is Jean Ariyoshi?
A: Jean Hayashi Ariyoshi (born October 30, 1933) is an American politician, writer and preservationist.

Q: What is Pere Aragonès?
A: Pere Aragonès i Garcia (born 16 November 1982) is a Spanish lawyer and politician from Catalonia.

Q: What is Puss in Boots (2011 movie)?
A: Puss In Boots is a 2011 animated comedy adventure movie.

Q: What is Controversy Sells?
A: Controversy Sells is the second and last collaborative studio album by American rappers Paul Wall and Chamillionaire.

Q: What is Lactarius torminosus?
A: Lactarius torminosus, commonly known as the woolly milkcap or the bearded milkcap, is a mushroom in the genus Lactarius.

Q: What is Peasant?
A: A peasant is a name for a person that worked for others on a farm and never had much money.

Q: What is Rolland Golden?
A: Rolland Harve Golden (November 8, 1931 &ndash; July 1, 2019) was an American visual artist.

Q: What is Ascension Parish, Louisiana?
A: Ascension Parish () is a parish in the U.S.

Q: What is Hogwarts?
A: Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is a fictional boarding school in J.

Q: What is Joe Pytka?
A: Joe Pytka (born November 4, 1938) is an American movie and music video director.

Q: What is Light year?
A: A light year (symbol: ly) is the distance that light travels in empty space in one year.

Q: What is Clivio?
A: Clivio is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Istat.

Q: What is Stans?
A: in Stans Stans is the capital city of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

Q: What is Sara Dallin?
A: Sarah Elizabeth Dallin (born 17 December 1961) is an English pop singer who is a member of Bananarama.

Q: What is Apulanta?
A: Apulanta is a rock band from Finland.

Q: What is Homo naledi?
A: Homo naledi is an extinct species of the genus Homo.

Q: What is Chris Craft (racing driver)?
A: Christopher Craft (17 November 1939 – 20 February 2021) was a British racing driver who competed in many different forms of motor sport.

Q: What is Assassination of Miguel Uribe Turbay?
A: The assassination of Miguel Uribe Turbay was a murder committed on June 7, 2025, in the town of Fontibón, Bogotá, Colombia, during a pre-election event in which the politician was participating.

Q: What is Electoral district of Mundingburra?
A: Mundingburra is an electoral district of Queensland.

Q: What is Labour Briefing?
A: Labour Briefing is a monthly political magazine made by members of the British Labour Party (UK) Throughout the 1990s, London Labour Briefing lost supporters and influence as New Labour's hold over the Labour Party increased.

Q: What is Fleurier?
A: Fleurier was a municipality in the Val-de-Travers district in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Q: What is Welshpool railway station?
A: Welshpool railway station () is a train station in Welshpool, Wales.

Q: What is Loss prevention?
A: In retail, loss prevention is the personnel that stores typically have for the prevention (or more accurately, minimalization) of shoplifting.

Q: What is Marc Michetz?
A: Marc Michetz pseudonym of Marc Degroide (15 October 1951 – 9 January 2025) was a Belgian comics artist.

Q: What is Arthur Penn?
A: Arthur Hiller Penn (September 27, 1922 – September 28, 2010) was an American director and producer for movies and television.

Q: What is Makemake (dwarf planet)?
A: Makemake (symbol ); officially known as 136472 Makemake) is a dwarf planet.

Q: What is Marcia Griffiths?
A: Marcia Griffiths (born November 23, 1949) is a Jamaican singer.

Q: What is Trio sonata?
A: A trio sonata is a type of music for four instruments which was very popular during the 17th century and early 18th century: the period known as the Baroque period.

Q: What is Rosario Couture?
A: Joseph Albert Rosario "Rosie, Lolo" Couture (July 24, 1905 – March 1, 1986) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player that played 8 seasons in the NHL; 7 seasons for the Chicago Black Hawks and 1 season for the Montreal Canadiens.

Q: What is Berberis?
A: Berberis or barberry is a genus of shrub, usually with spines and yellow flowers and red or blackish berries.

Q: What is Péronne-en-Mélantois?
A: Péronne-en-Mélantois is a commune in the Nord department in northern France part of the Métropole Européenne de Lille.

Q: What is Human developmental periods?
A: The period of human development – a concept derived from psychoanalysis, in which the leading role is given to the conscious actions of the individual under the influence of the environment.

Q: What is Schmerikon?
A: Schmerikon (Swiss German: Schmerike) is a municipality in See-Gaster in the canton of St.

Q: What is Little Dancer of Fourteen Years?
A: Little Dancer of Fourteen Years () (1881) is a statue by Edgar Degas.

Q: What is Genuri?
A: Genuri (Giaùni, Jaùni) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is Kalidas Nag?
A: Kalidas Nag (16 January 1892 – 9 November 1966) was an Indian historian, writer, author and parliamentarian.

Q: What is Adam Kopczyński?
A: Adam Jakub Kopczyński (2 August 1948 – 8 February 2021) was a Polish ice hockey player.

Q: What is List of Kosmos satellites (2501–2750)?
A: This is a list of Kosmos satellites from Russia.

Q: What is Biel District?
A: Biel is a small district in the Swiss canton of Bern.

Q: What is TV frame?
A: According to an PAL standard, SDTV broadcasts in three ways.

Q: What is Football Kingz FC?
A: Football Kingz Football Club was a professional football club from Auckland.

Q: What is Lord of Galloway?
A: Lord Galloway was the ruler of the Lordship of Galloway, a part of southwest Scotland, during the Middle Ages.

Q: What is Shinjuku Station?
A: is a railway station in Shinjuku and Shibuya wards in Tokyo, Japan.

Q: What is Cricbuzz?
A: Cricbuzz is an Indian cricket news website owned by Times Internet.

Q: What is Winery?
A: A winery is a place or business that makes wine.

Q: What is CKY?
A: CKY (also known as Camp Kill Yourself) is an American band formed in 1998.

Q: What is Rhodes, Iowa?
A: Rhodes is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Bucheggberg District?
A: Bucheggberg is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the southwest of the canton.

Q: What is Mikhail Lomonosov?
A: Mikhail Vasilyevich Lomonosov (&nbsp;– ) was a Russian polymath, scientist and writer.

Q: What is Vindolanda?
A: Vindolanda was a Roman fort at Chesterholm, just south of Hadrian's Wall in northern England.

Q: What is Peter Binkovski?
A: Peter Binkovski (born 28 June 1972) is a former Slovenian football player.

Q: What is Pete Maravich?
A: Peter Press Maravich (June 22, 1947 - January 5, 1988), also known as "Pistol Pete" Maravich, was an American basketball player.

Q: What is Piggott, Arkansas?
A: Piggott is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Q: What is Sydney Ikebaku?
A: Sydney Ikebaku is a weightlifter from Nigeria.

Q: What is Almaz?
A: Almaz was a space program by the military of the Soviet Union.

Q: What is Paul Shanley?
A: Paul Richard Shanley (January 25, 1931 &ndash; October 28, 2020) was an American priest and was accused and convicted of raping a child.

Q: What is The Allegorical figures of Oranienbaum Palace of Russia (Pittoni)?
A: The Allegorical feminine figures of Imperial Palace of Russia are paintings on canvas by Giambattista Pittoni, made between 1762 and 1767 and exhibited on the ceilings of the "Chinese Palace" in the Royal Palace Oranienbaum residence of the Romanov Emperors, in Lomonosov, near St Petersburg, Russia.

Q: What is 2013–14 La Liga?
A: The 2013–14 La Liga season (known as the Liga BBVA for sponsorship reasons) was the 83rd since its establishment.

Q: What is Corinne, Utah?
A: Corinne is a city in Box Elder County, Utah, United States.

Q: What is Barguna District?
A: Barguna is a district in South-western Bangladesh.

Q: What is Joy Westmore?
A: Joy Westmore (; 1932 — 5 November 2020) was an Australian actress.

Q: What is OpenGov?
A: OpenGov is an American technology company based in Redwood City, California.

Q: What is Sevastopol?
A: Sevastopol (, formerly called Sebastopol) is a large seaport and city.

Q: What is Ibrahim Ibrahimi?
A: Ibrahim Ibrahimi (, ; born 24 December 1972) is an Afghan musician and educator, who fled his country to France on 20 August 2021 with 16 members of his family, to avoid the massacres of the Taliban.

Q: What is Faydee?
A: Fady Fatrouni (born 2 February 1987) also known as his stage name Faydee is an Australian singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Theodor Mommsen?
A: Christian Matthias Theodor Mommsen (; 30 November 1817 – 1 November 1903) was a German classical scholar, historian, jurist, journalist, politician and archaeologist.

Q: What is Asheboro, North Carolina?
A: Asheboro is a city in and the county seat of Randolph County, North Carolina, United States.

Q: What is Pope Clement V?
A: Pope Clement V (; 1264 –20 April, 1314), born Bertrand de Got, was a French cleric of the Roman Catholic Church and the 196th Pope from 1305 until his death.

Q: What is James Shigeta?
A: James Shigeta (June 17, 1929 &ndash; July 28, 2014) was an American actor.

Q: What is PSV Eindhoven?
A: Philips Sport Vereniging (English: Philips Sports Union), widely known either as PSV or PSV Eindhoven, is a sports club from Eindhoven, Netherlands.

Q: What is Lockheed P-3 Orion?
A: {| |} The Lockheed P-3 Orion is a Lockheed made four engined aircraft with variations such as the P-3K, P-3C, P-3As and more.

Q: What is Wilson Bombarda?
A: Wilson Bombarda is a retired basketball player from Brazil.

Q: What is Judge Mathis?
A: Judge Mathis is an American arbitration-based reality court show.

Q: What is Momus?
A: , 1561, Gemäldegalerie, Berlin Momus is the god of blame, Mockery, criticism and satire in Greek mythology.

Q: What is Time-domain spectroscopy?
A: Time-domain spectroscopy is a type of spectroscopy that measures the power of electromagnetic radiation as a function of time.

Q: What is Mohil?
A: Mohil are a clan/Gotra of the Hindu religion.

Q: What is Pizza Pizza?
A: Pizza Pizza Limited (PPL), doing business as Pizza Pizza (), is a franchised Canadian pizza fast food restaurant.

Q: What is The Snow Queen?
A: "The Snow Queen" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen.

Q: What is Mario Super Sluggers?
A: Mario Super Sluggers, known in Japan as , is a Mario sports game for the Wii.

Q: What is Eslövs IK?
A: Eslövs IK is a sports club in Eslöv in Sweden.

Q: What is Green Party of Switzerland?
A: The Green Party of Switzerland (; ; ; ) is a green political party in Switzerland.

Q: What is Purfleet?
A: Purfleet is a town just east of London on the banks of the River Thames in Essex, England.

Q: What is Eraserhead?
A: Eraserhead is a 1977 American surrealist movie by David Lynch.

Q: What is Josep Maria Forn?
A: Josep Maria Forn i Costa (; April 4, 1928 – October 3, 2021) was a Spanish actor and movie director.

Q: What is Callao?
A: Callao (; or ) is the main seaport of Peru.

Q: What is Epistulae Morales ad Lucilium?
A: The Epistulae morales ad Lucilium (in English Moral Letters to Lucilius) is the name for 124 letters Seneca the Younger wrote when he was over sixty-years-old.

Q: What is Pádraig Pearse?
A: Pádraig Pearse was a leader during the Easter Rising in Ireland.

Q: What is Terminal?
A: Terminal can mean: * Airport terminal - one of the main buildings at an airport.

Q: What is Nyctibatrachus?
A: Nyctibatrachus is a genus of frogs endemism These frogs are quite common, and researchers think this has been overlooked because of their small size.

Q: What is Kežmarok?
A: Kežmarok ( or ; ; ) is a town in the Prešov Region in Slovakia.

Q: What is Herald Sun?
A: The Herald Sun is a morning tabloid newspaper based in Melbourne, Australia.

Q: What is The Space Between Us (movie)?
A: “The Space Between Us” is an American romantic science fiction movie directed by Peter Chelsom and written by Allan Loeb.

Q: What is Al Michaels?
A: Alan Richard "Al" Michaels (born November 12, 1944) is an American sportscaster.

Q: What is Elizabeth Wurtzel?
A: Elizabeth Lee Wurtzel (July 31, 1967 &ndash; January 7, 2020) was an American feminist writer, essayist and journalist.

Q: What is Jerome Isaac Friedman?
A: Jerome Isaac Friedman (born March 28, 1930) is an American physicist.

Q: What is Prairie rattlesnake?
A: Prairie rattlesnake may refer to: * Crotalus viridis, a.k.a.

Q: What is Fox Reality Channel?
A: Fox Reality Channel was an American pay television channel.

Q: What is TrES-2b?
A: TrES-2b is a large gas planet 750 light-years from our solar system.

Q: What is Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria?
A: The assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, the heir presumptive to the throne of Austria-Hungary, and of his wife, Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, happened on 28 June 1914 in Sarajevo.

Q: What is Taiyo Sentai Sun Vulcan?
A: Taiyo Sentai Sun Vulcan is a Japanese television series.

Q: What is Bilal Saeed?
A: Bilal Saeed (born 12 December 1988) is a Pakistani singer-songwriter, music producer and composer.

Q: What is Seamus Heaney?
A: Seamus Heaney (13 April 1939 – 30 August 2013) won a Nobel Prize in 1995 for poetry.

Q: What is John C. Breckinridge?
A: John Cabell Breckinridge (January 16, 1821 – May 17, 1875) was a lawyer, U.S.

Q: What is 1968 United States presidential election?
A: The 1968 United States presidential election happened on November 5, 1968.

Q: What is 2011 Atlantic hurricane season?
A: The 2011 Atlantic hurricane season was one of the most active Atlantic hurricane seasons since 1851.

Q: What is Ingvar Kamprad?
A: Feodor Ingvar Kamprad (; 30 March 1926 &ndash; 27 January 2018) was a Swedish business magnate.

Q: What is Camille Flammarion?
A: Nicolas Camille Flammarion (February 26, 1842 – June 3, 1925) was a French astronomer and writer.

Q: What is Fairmont Pacific Rim?
A: The Fairmont Pacific Rim is a hotel and condominium building in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

Q: What is Parasitoid wasp?
A: (Ichneumonidae), a parasitoid, ovipositing into its host through the wood of a tree.

Q: What is Highworth?
A: Highworth is a market town and civil parish in Wiltshire, England.

Q: What is Javier Mascherano?
A: Javier Alejandro Mascherano (born 8 June 1984) is a former Argentine footballer.

Q: What is Sea Island Centre station?
A: Sea Island Centre is a train station in Richmond, British Columbia.

Q: What is Khost Province?
A: Khost () is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan.

Q: What is Phyllis Curtin?
A: Phyllis Curtin (December 3, 1921 &ndash; June 4, 2016) was an American classical soprano.

Q: What is Shekhani dialect?
A: Shekhani (شیخانی) is a name for the Nuristani language spoken in Chitral District of northwestern Pakistan.

Q: What is Clarity (album)?
A: Clarity is the debut studio album by Russian-German electronic music producer Zedd.

Q: What is Etihad Airways?
A: Etihad Airways is one of two major airlines in the United Arab Emirates.

Q: What is Jean Beaudin?
A: Jean Beaudin (6 February 1939 – 18 May 2019) was a Canadian movie director and screenwriter.

Q: What is West Region (Cameroon)?
A: The West Region is a region in Cameroon.

Q: What is Allahabad Address?
A: The Allahabad Address () is a speech by Pakistani scholar Sir Muhammad Iqbal.

Q: What is Eggshell?
A: An eggshell is the outer covering of a hard-shelled egg and of some forms of eggs with soft outer coats.

Q: What is University of Wollongong?
A: The University of Wollongong (also simply known as UOW) is a public research university in Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.

Q: What is Wat Pho?
A: Wat Pho (more fully Wat Phracheatupon Vimonmungkraram) is the "Temple of the Reclining Buddha".

Q: What is 70 Minutes?
A: 70 Minutes (Icelandic: 70 mínútur) is an Icelandic variety television series that was shown for 70 minutes every weekday on the television station Popp Tíví from 2000 to 2004.

Q: What is Paradise Alley?
A: Paradise Alley is a 1978 American sports drama movie directed and written by first time director Sylvester Stallone (who also starred) about professional wrestling.

Q: What is Castellane?
A: Castellane is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Q: What is President of the Council of Ministers of the Mexican Empire?
A: Here is the list of the President of the Council of Ministers of the Mexican Empire, First Minister, or Chancellor of Mexico.

Q: What is Alabama's 7th congressional district?
A: Alabama's 7th congressional district is a United States congressional district in the state of Alabama that elects a representative to the United States House of Representatives.

Q: What is Shalimar, Florida?
A: Shalimar is a town in Okaloosa County, Florida, United States.

Q: What is Antonino Rocca?
A: Antonino Rocca (born Antonino Biasetton, April 13, 1927 – March 15, 1977) was an Italian professional wrestler.

Q: What is Kaushiki?
A: Kaushiki, lit, woman of the cell, is a powerful warrior goddess in Hinduism, considered a form of the divine mother Parvati.

Q: What is Marco Pezzaiuoli?
A: Marco Pezzaiuoli (born 16 November 1968) is a German professional football manager who is the current head coach of Indian Super League club Bengaluru.

Q: What is Kepler (spacecraft)?
A: Kepler is a space observatory launched by NASA to discover Earth-like planets orbiting exoplanet The Kepler mission is "specifically designed to survey a portion of our region of the Milky Way galaxy to discover dozens of Earth-size planets in or near the habitable zone and determine how many of the billions of stars in our galaxy have such planets".

Q: What is John Wesley (actor)?
A: John Wesley (August 3, 1947 – September 7, 2019) was an American actor.

Q: What is Battle of the Badlands?
A: The Battle of the Badlands was fought in Dakota Territory, in what is now western North Dakota, between the United States army led by Brigadier general Alfred Sully and the Lakota, Yanktonai, and the Medora and Sentinel Butte, North Dakota.

Q: What is Nimruz Province?
A: Nimruz (Balochi/Pashto: نیمروز ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan.

Q: What is Book of Mormon?
A: The Book of Mormon is a book that Latter Day Saints believe is the word of God along with the Bible.

Q: What is Elle (magazine)?
A: Elle is a worldwide lifestyle magazine of French origin.

Q: What is Mercure?
A: Mercure may refer to: * MERCURE, an atmospheric dispersion modeling CFD code developed by Électricité de France * Mercure Hotels, a chain of hotels run by Accor * French ship Mercure (1783) * Dassault Mercure, a French airliner built in the 1970s.

Q: What is General Dynamics?
A: General Dynamics Corporation (GD) is an American aerospace and West Falls Church, Fairfax County, Virginia.

Q: What is NXT Women's North American Championship?
A: The NXT Women's North American Championship is a professional wrestling championship in WWE.

Q: What is Abbottabad District?
A: Abbottabad District is a district in the Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Q: What is Acanthaceae?
A: Acanthaceae is one of 23 families in the mint order of flowering plants containing approximately 230 genera and nearly 3,500 species distributed predominantly in tropical and subtropical regions of the world.

Q: What is Jacques Godin?
A: Jacques Godin (; September 14, 1930 &ndash; October 26, 2020) was a Canadian actor.

Q: What is Moira Orfei?
A: Moira Orfei (; 21 December 1931 &ndash; 15 November 2015), a.k.a.

Q: What is Boroughs of Berlin?
A: The German capital Berlin is subdivided into 12 boroughs (German: Stadtteile/ Bezirke).

Q: What is Arthur Barnard?
A: Arthur "Art" Barnard (March 10, 1929 &ndash; May 1, 2018) was an American sprinter.

Q: What is Gytha Thorkelsdóttir?
A: Gytha Thorkelsdóttir was the wife of Godwin, Earl of Wessex, and the mother of Harold Godwinson, King of England.

Q: What is Ai Kawashima?
A: Ai Kawashima (born February 21, 1986, in Fukuoka City, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan) is a Japan singer-songwriter.

Q: What is Hurricane Gracie?
A: Hurricane Gracie was a major hurricane in September of 1959.

Q: What is Medellín?
A: Medellín (pronounced or , Spanish: or ) is the capital city in the Metropolitan Area of Medellín of the Antioquia Department, Colombia.

Q: What is Ariana DeBose?
A: Ariana DeBose (; born January 25, 1991) is an American actress, singer, and dancer.

Q: What is Stuart McCall?
A: Andrew Stuart Murray McCall (born 10 June 1964), usually known as Stuart McCall, is a former footballer who played in central midfield.

Q: What is Beyblade?
A: Beyblade (爆転シュート ベイブレード, Bakuten Shūto Beiburedo, literally translates to Explosive Shooting Beyblade) is an anime and manga series about a group of kids battling with highly powerful spinning tops enchanted with sacred bit-beasts or spirits of mythical and powerful creatures.

Q: What is Sankt Jakob in Defereggen?
A: Sankt Jakob in Defereggen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Q: What is The Royal Hunt of the Sun?
A: The Royal Hunt of the Sun is a 1964 play by Peter Shaffer that is about the connection of two worlds entering in a conflict by connecting them to two Chichester Festival by the National Theatre and subsequently at the Old Vic Theatre.

Q: What is John Dunn?
A: John Dunn (14 December 1846 – 19 March 1866) was an Australian bushranger.

Q: What is Weaverville, California?
A: Weaverville is a census designated place (CDP) of California in the United States.

Q: What is List of shopping malls in Lithuania?
A: Lithuania has around 34 shopping malls with more than square meters of space.

Q: What is László Bodnár?
A: László Bodnár (born February 25, 1979 in Mátészalka) is a Hungarian football defender.

Q: What is Ty Cobb?
A: Tyrus Raymond "Ty" Cobb (December 18, 1886 – July 17, 1961), also known as "The Georgia Peach," was a Major League Baseball player.

Q: What is BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award?
A: The BAFTA Fellowship is a lifetime achievement award presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA).

Q: What is Cultural system?
A: A cultural system is a system in which different cultural elements interact.

Q: What is Chief creative officer?
A: A chief creative officer (CCO) is in charge of the creativity section of a company, typically one involved with entertainment or game development.

Q: What is X-ray Reconstruction of Moving Morphology?
A: X-ray Reconstruction of Moving Morphology, or XROMM, is a scientific research technique.

Q: What is The King of Rome?
A: The King of Rome was a racing pigeon.

Q: What is Murder of Peter Falconio?
A: Peter Falconio (20 September 1972 - c.

Q: What is The Gunfighter?
A: The Gunfighter is a 1950 American Western movie directed by Henry King, and distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Germanicus?
A: Germanicus Caesar (24 May 15 BC – 10 October 19 AD) was a Roman general.

Q: What is Hatchback?
A: A hatchback is a car body style with a rear door that swings upward to provide access to a cargo area.

Q: What is Jonathan Soriano?
A: Jonathan Soriano Casas (born 24 September 1985 in El Pont de Vilomara i Rocafort, Barcelona, Catalonia) is a former Spanish footballer.

Q: What is The Pipettes?
A: The Pipettes are an English girl group.

Q: What is Anomaloglossus stepheni?
A: Stephen's rocket frog (Anomaloglossus stepheni) is a frog.

Q: What is Niccolò Machiavelli?
A: __FORCETOC__ Niccolò Machiavelli (3 May 1469 – 21 June 1527) was a Florentine Renaissance man, statesman, and writer.

Q: What is Haley Reinhart?
A: Haley Elizabeth Reinhart (born September 9, 1990) is an American singer-songwriter and actress.

Q: What is Kraken?
A: Pierre Dénys de Montfort, 1801, from the descriptions of French sailors reportedly attacked by such a creature off the coast of Angola.

Q: What is Harry Leslie Smith?
A: Harry Leslie Smith (25 February 1923 – 28 November 2018) was a British writer and political commentator.

Q: What is Ōsaka Station?
A: Ōsaka Station (大阪駅,おおさかえき) is a railway station of JR West in Kita-ku, Osaka, Japan.

Q: What is Ellen Barkin?
A: Ellen Barkin (April 16, 1954) is an versatile actress who has been in many movies and television series.

Q: What is David Capel?
A: David John Capel (6 February 1963 – 2 September 2020) was an English cricketer.

Q: What is WWF No Mercy?
A: WWF No Mercy is a professional wrestling video game developed by Asmik Ace Entertainment and AKI Corporation and published by THQ.

Q: What is United States Backgammon Federation?
A: The United States Backgammon Federation (USBGF) is an organisation who are in charge of backgammon in the United States.

Q: What is Ivy Queen?
A: Ivy Queen (born Martha Ivelisse Pesante on March 4, 1972 in Añasco, Puerto Rico) is a composer and singer known as "The Queen of Reggaeton".

Q: What is 2015 Tunis bombing?
A: On 24 November 2015, a bus carrying Tunisian presidential guards exploded, killing 12, on a principal road in Tunis.

Q: What is Horst Szymaniak?
A: Horst Szymaniak (29 August, 1934 – 9 October, 2009) was a German football player.

Q: What is Baby Saroja?
A: Saroja Ramamrutham (Kamadhenu (1941).

Q: What is Blackheath, New South Wales?
A: Blackheath is a town located near the top of the Blue Mountains, between Katoomba (the biggest town in the Blue Mountains) and Mount Victoria (the highest spot in the Blue Mountains) in New South Wales, Australia.

Q: What is Norwich?
A: Norwich is the county city of Norfolk, a county in the East of England.

Q: What is Pocket God?
A: Pocket God is a video game application for the iPhone, iPod and iPad.

Q: What is Prelude and Fugue in F major, BWV 880?
A: The Prelude and Fugue in F major, BWV 880, is a piece of music for keyboard by Johann Sebastian Bach.

Q: What is Kathy Hochul?
A: Kathleen Courtney Hochul ( ; born August 27, 1958) is an American politician serving as the 57th governor of New York since 2021.

Q: What is America (magazine)?
A: America is a national weekly magazine published by the Jesuits of the United States and headquartered in Manhattan.

Q: What is Rototuna?
A: Rototuna is a suburb of Hamilton.

Q: What is 2021 Los Angeles Rams season?
A: The 2021 season is the Los Angeles Rams' 84th season in the National Football League and the fifth under head coach Sean McVay.

Q: What is Zirid dynasty?
A: The Zirid dynasty were a Berber group.

Q: What is Muchesh?
A: Muchesh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran.

Q: What is Environmentally friendly?
A: Environmentally friendly (also eco-friendly, nature friendly, and green) are terms that refer to objects that people buy (called goods), services, laws, and rules that either do not harm the environment or do very little harm to it.

Q: What is John Ball (pioneer)?
A: John Ball was an American educator and a lawyer.

Q: What is Melanophryniscus?
A: Melanophryniscus (South American Redbelly Toads) is a genus of toads.

Q: What is Matiere?
A: Matiere is a small settlement in the Ruapehu District, New Zealand.

Q: What is Jamake Highwater?
A: Jackie Marks, Jack Marks, or J.

Q: What is Donovan McNabb?
A: Donovan McNabb (born November 25, 1976 in Chicago, Illinois) is a retired American football quarterback.

Q: What is Interstate H-201?
A: Interstate H-201 (H-201) is the only auxiliary Interstate located outside the Contiguous United States, on the island of O‘ahu in the U.S.

Q: What is Neiba?
A: The Dominican city of Neiba, also written as Neyba, is the head municipality of the Baoruco province, on the southwestern part of the country.

Q: What is Alfred Macalik?
A: Alfred (Alfréd) Macalik (10 September 1888 in Vienna - 20 September 1979 in Oradea) was an Austrian-Romanian landscape painter, sculptor and composer.

Q: What is Battle of the Indus River?
A: During the Hun invasion, the Battle of the Indus River (458) along the Indus river took place which resulted in Skandagupta checking the advances of the Hunas, along with heavy losses for the Hunas.

Q: What is Hernán Pinto?
A: Hernán Eduardo Pinto Miranda (17 January 1953 – 29 July 2020) was a Chilean lawyer, politician and member of the Christian Democratic Party (PDC).

Q: What is Tokyo Drifter?
A: is a 1966 Japanese action crime movie directed by Seijun Suzuki.

Q: What is Petar Stambolić?
A: Petar Stambolić (12 July 1912 – 21 September 2007) was a Serbian communist politician who served as the President of the Federal Executive Council of Yugoslavia from 1963 to 1967 and as President of the Presidency from 1982 until 1983.

Q: What is Jaan Rääts?
A: Jaan Rääts (15 October 1932 &nbsp;– 25 December 2020) was an Estonian composer.

Q: What is Bollingen Prize for Poetry?
A: The Bollingen Prize for Poetry is a writing award given to an Americans The prize was started in 1948 by Paul Mellon.

Q: What is Walter LaFeber?
A: Walter Fredrick LaFeber (August 30, 1933 &ndash; March 9, 2021) was an American political writer, historian and commentator.

Q: What is Centenary Medal?
A: The Centenary Medal is an award given by the Australian Government in 2001.

Q: What is North Korean abductions of Japanese citizens?
A: Abductions of Japanese citizens from Japan by agents of the North Korean government took place during for six years from 1977 to 1983.

Q: What is JJ Project?
A: JJ Project is a duo created under 2012, originally meant to be a pre-debut project for GOT7.

Q: What is Santa Ana Department?
A: Santa Ana is a department in El Salvador.

Q: What is Marisa Solinas?
A: Marisa Anna Solinas (30 May 1939 – 13 February 2019), best known as Marisa Solinas, was an Italian actress and singer-songwriter.

Q: What is Tiffany Stratton?
A: Jessica Woynilko (born May 1, 1999) is an American professional wrestler and former gymnast.

Q: What is Uncle B?
A: Uncle B is the debut studio album by English hip hop group N-Dubz.

Q: What is New Holland frog?
A: The New Holland frog, eastern snipping frog or wide-mouthed frog (Ranoidea novaehollandiae) is a tree frog from Australia.

Q: What is Bistriţa River?
A: Bistriţa River can be any of four rivers in Romania: *Bistriţa River (Jiu) *Bistriţa River (Someş) *Bistriţa River (Siret) *Bistriţa River (Olt).

Q: What is Keshav Prasad Pokharel?
A: Keshav Prasad Pokharel (Nepali: केशवप्रसाद पोखरेल) is Nepalese politician and member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly who was elected form Kathmandu 9 (B).

Q: What is List of law enforcement agencies in Florida?
A: File:Fort Myers Police Department.jpg|thumb|[https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_Myers_Police_Department Fort Myers Police Department] in [https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_Myers,_Florida Fort Myers,Florida] This is a list of Law Enforcement Agencies in the state of Florida.

Q: What is Barawa languages?
A: The Barawa (B.3 West Chadic) languages are a branch of West Chadic languages.

Q: What is Kashchey the Immortal (movie)?
A: Kashchey the Immortal () is a 1945 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou.

Q: What is Leeds and Liverpool Canal?
A: The Leeds and Liverpool Canal runs from Leeds to Liverpool.

Q: What is William F. Clinger Jr.?
A: William Floyd "Bill" Clinger Jr.

Q: What is Vienna, Georgia?
A: The city of Vienna () is the county seat of Dooly County, Georgia, United States.

Q: What is List of heads of state of the Gambia?
A: This is a list of the heads of state of The Gambia, from the independence of The Gambia in 1965 to the present day.

Q: What is HTML5?
A: HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.

Q: What is Robert Scheer?
A: Robert Scheer (born April 4, 1936) is an American journalist.

Q: What is Wat Phrasri Rattana Sasadaram?
A: Guardians in the temple Wat Phrasri Rattana Sasadaram or Wat Phra Kaew, the "Temple of the Emerald Buddha", is one of the most sacred Buddhist temples in Thailand.

Q: What is Richard Schweiker?
A: Richard Schultz Schweiker (June 1, 1926 &ndash; July 31, 2015) was an American politician.

Q: What is Shin-Ōsaka Station?
A: Shin-Ōsaka Station (新大阪駅,しんおおさかえき) is a railway station of JR West, JR Central and Osaka Municipal Subway in Yodogawa-ku, Osaka, Japan.

Q: What is List of Hispanic Medal of Honor recipients?
A: The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War.

Q: What is Delocalized electron?
A: , with the delocalization of the electrons indicated by the circle.

Q: What is Gordon Spice?
A: Gordon Spice (18 April 1940 – 10 September 2021) was a British racing driver.

Q: What is Turukul Hikmiyat?
A: Turukul Hikmiyat fis Siyasatush Sharia is a book on Sharia law, written by Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyya (691 AH - 751 AH / 1292 AD - 1349 AD).

Q: What is Aryan Brotherhood of Texas?
A: The Aryan Brotherhood of Texas (ABT) is an American white supremacist and Neo-Nazi gang founded in Texas in 1981.

Q: What is Ueli Maurer?
A: Ulrich "Ueli" Maurer (born 1 December 1950) is a Swiss politician.

Q: What is Haile?
A: Haile is a village and civil parish in Copeland, Cumbria, England.

Q: What is Difference?
A: Difference can mean more than one thing.

Q: What is Jagged Edge of a Broken Heart?
A: "Jagged Edge of a Broken Heart" is a 1984 song by country singer Gail Davies.

Q: What is 200 (number)?
A: 200 (two hundred) is the natural number after 199 and before 201.

Q: What is Armenian Wikipedia?
A: The Armenian Wikipedia ( Vīkīpedyā or Վիքիպեդիա Ազատ հանրագիտարան Wīkīpedyā Azat Hanragitaran) is the Armenian-language edition of Wikipedia.

Q: What is Artur Brauner?
A: Artur "Atze" Brauner (born Abraham Brauner; 1 August 1918 &ndash; 7 July 2019) was a Polish-born German movie producer and entrepreneur.

Q: What is Facta (encyclopedia)?
A: Facta is an encyclopedia in Finnish.

Q: What is Kujula Kadphises' conquest of Greater Bactria?
A: Kujula Kadphises' conquest of Greater Bactria was when the first Kushan Emperor who conquered the Guissar mountains and subjugated western Bactria.

Q: What is Grubbenvorst?
A: Grubbenvorst is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg.

Q: What is Shellback (producer)?
A: Karl Johan Schuster (born February 1, 1985), better known by his stage name Shellback, is a songwriter, record producer and musician from Karlshamn, a small town in Southern Sweden.

Q: What is Newton Mearns?
A: Newton Mearns is a small town near Glasgow in Scotland.

Q: What is HIT?
A: The First Case (2022 movie): HIT: The First Case is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language action thriller film directed by Sailesh Kolanu from a screenplay also by him.

Q: What is Division of Banks?
A: The Division of Banks is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.

Q: What is Gergely Karácsony?
A: Gergely Szilveszter Karácsony (; born 11 June 1975) is a Hungarian politician and political scientist.

Q: What is Ma'an?
A: Ma'an is a Jordanian city located in the southern part of the country on the western outskirts of the desert plateau extending from the Arabian Peninsula to the Levant desert.

Q: What is Finnish Civil War?
A: The Finnish Civil War was a civil war in Finland between January 27 and May 15, 1918 that was fought between the Reds and the Whites.

Q: What is Truncated icosahedron?
A: A truncated icosahedron is an Archimedean solid.

Q: What is Divine Office?
A: The Divine Office () is the public, official and common prayer of the Catholic Church.

Q: What is Duc Phuc?
A: Nguyen Duc Phuc (born October 15, 1996), commonly known by his stage name Duc Phuc, is a Vietnamese male singer.

Q: What is Anna Maria Hall?
A: Anna Maria Hall (6 January 1800 – 30 January 1881) was an Irish novelist.

Q: What is Miracle on Ice?
A: The "Miracle on Ice" was a medal-round game during the men's ice hockey tournament at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York.

Q: What is Clay Mathematics Institute?
A: The Clay Mathematics Institute (CMI) is a private, non-profit foundation, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Q: What is Pope Paul VI?
A: Pope Paul VI (; ), born Giovanni Battista Enrico Antonio Maria Montini, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the List of popes.

Q: What is Jamshid Giunashvili?
A: Jamshid Giunashvili (; 1 May 1931 &ndash; 21 January 2017).

Q: What is Bobital?
A: Bobital (, Gallo: Bobitau) is a commune.

Q: What is Asahi Shinbun?
A: Asahi Shinbun (Morning Sun Newspaper) is a major newspaper in Japan.

Q: What is Kew Jaliens?
A: Kew Raffique Jaliens (born 15 September 1978) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a defender.

Q: What is The Charge of the Light Brigade (poem)?
A: "The Charge of the Light Brigade" is a poem written in 1854 by Alfred, Lord Tennyson.

Q: What is Boiry-Sainte-Rictrude?
A: Boiry-Sainte-Rictrude is a commune.

Q: What is Jamie Hyneman?
A: James Franklin "Jamie" Hyneman (born September 25, 1956) is an American special effects expert, scientist, and television personality.

Q: What is Forum Culiacán?
A: The Forum Culiacán is a shopping mall located in Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico, in Desarrollo Urbano 3 Ríos (3 Rivers Urban Development), one of the biggest districts in the city, next to Culiacan river.

Q: What is Ethel Pedley?
A: Ethel Charlotte Pedley (June 19, 1859-August 6, 1898) was English author and musician who New South Wales, Australia in the year 1882 and she made the story book called Dot and the Kangaroo in the year 1884.

Q: What is McClure, Virginia?
A: McClure is an unincorporated community in Dickenson County, Virginia, United States.

Q: What is Arthur season 16?
A: The sixteenth season of the television series Arthur was originally broadcast on PBS Kids in the United States from October 15, 2012 until May 10, 2013 and consists of 10 episodes.

Q: What is Shot put?
A: Shot put is an athletics sport where people try to "put" a heavy weighted ball as far as they can.

Q: What is Volvo Ocean Race?
A: The Volvo Ocean Race (known also as the Whitbread Round the World Race) is a yacht race around the world.

Q: What is Ficus benghalensis?
A: Ficus benghalensis, commonly known as the banyan, banyan fig and Indian banyan, is a tree that grows in India and Bangladesh.

Q: What is Asian Doll?
A: Misharron Jermeisha Allen (born December 7, 1996) is an American rapper professionally known as Asian Doll.

Q: What is Hugh Orde?
A: Hugh Stephen Orde OBE was the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland.

Q: What is Interlingue?
A: Interlingue is a constructed language.

Q: What is Jill Saward?
A: Jill Saward (14 January 1965 – 5 January 2017) was an English campaigner on issues relating to sexual violence.

Q: What is Puck (moon)?
A: Puck is a closer moon to Uranus.

Q: What is Siegessäule?
A: The or Victory Column is a famous sight in Berlin.

Q: What is Älvkarleby Municipality?
A: Älvkarleby Municipality () is a municipality in Uppsala County in central Sweden.

Q: What is Dhol?
A: The dhol is a drum used during Punjabi wedding processions and parties.

Q: What is Monfragüe?
A: Monfragüe is a comarca (county, with no administrative role) of Extremadura, western Spain.

Q: What is Mireia Riera Casanovas?
A: Mireia Riera Casanovas (born March 14, 1975 in Lloret de Mar, Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain.

Q: What is Michiko Inukai?
A: was a Japanese Roman Catholic author and philanthropist.

Q: What is Liam Reilly?
A: Liam Reilly (29 January 1955 – 1 January 2021) was an Irish pop rock singer-songwriter and keyboardist.

Q: What is Anke Jacobs?
A: Anke Jacobs (born 28 July 1987) is a South African water polo player.

Q: What is Kristina Mladenovic?
A: Kristina Mladenovic (; born 14 May 1993) is a French professional tennis player.

Q: What is Cyrill Demian?
A: Cyrill Demian (1772–1849) was an Austrian-Armenian inventor, Organ maker, and piano maker who on May 6, 1829, along with his sons Karl and Guido, would patent the accordion.

Q: What is Saul Bass?
A: Saul Bass (May 8, 1920 &ndash; April 25, 1996) was an American graphic designer and Academy Award-winning filmmaker, best known for his design of motion picture title sequences, movie posters, and corporate logos.

Q: What is University of Prishtina?
A: The University of Prishtina is the name of two public universities in Kosovo, sharing the same history up to a point of separation, which took place in 1999.

Q: What is Michael Scott (The Office)?
A: Michael Gary Scott is a fictional character on NBC's The Office played by Steve Carell.

Q: What is Archipelago big-eyed tree frog?
A: The archipelago big-eyed tree frog (Nyctimystes perimetri) is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea.

Q: What is Évariste Galois?
A: Évariste Galois (25 October 1811 &ndash; 31 May 1832) was a French mathematician.

Q: What is Nigga?
A: Nigga is a term derived from the word nigger.

Q: What is IPv4 address shortage?
A: Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4) has roughly 4.3 billion IP addresses.

Q: What is Mouth for War?
A: "Mouth for War" is a 1992 song by American heavy metal band Pantera and is the leading single from their sixth studio album Vulgar Display of Power.

Q: What is Moro?
A: Moro is a city and a tehsil in the Naushahro Feroze District of Sindh, Pakistan.

Q: What is Siv Pettersson?
A: Siv Pettersson, born 3 March 1955 in Saint Matthew Parish, Stockholm, Sweden, dead 12 January 1975 in Eriksfält Parish, Malmö, Sweden was a Swedish singer.

Q: What is Lunner?
A: Lunner is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway.

Q: What is Allegory?
A: , the snake eating its own tail, is a symbol of renewal and everlasting existence.

Q: What is Pseudophilautus dayawansai?
A: Dayawansa's shrub frog (Pseudophilautus dayawansai) is a frog.

Q: What is Franz Sedlacek?
A: Franz Sedlacek (4 September 1892 in Vienna - 18 July 1933 in Vienna) was an Austrian football player and football coach.

Q: What is Born This Way?
A: Born This Way is the second full-length studio album by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga.

Q: What is Immokalee, Florida?
A: Immokalee ( ) is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Collier County, Florida, United States.

Q: What is Washington Square Park (Chicago)?
A: Washington Square, also known as Washington Square Park, is a park in Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is Raul Khajimba?
A: Raul Khajimba (, ; born 21 March 1958) is the 4th and current President of Abkhazia.

Q: What is Tom Stevens (musician)?
A: Thomas Howard "Tom" Stevens (September 17, 1956 &ndash; January 24, 2021) was an American pop rock bassist, guitarist and singer-songwriter.

Q: What is Narcotics Control Bureau?
A: The Narcotics Control Bureau ( NCB) is an law enforcement and intelligence agency.

Q: What is Didier Zokora?
A: Didier Zokora (born 14 December 1980) is a Côte d'Ivoire football player.

Q: What is Wiener FC 1898?
A: Wiener FC 1898 (Vienna Football Club 1898) was one of the first football clubs in Austrias capital Vienna.

Q: What is Jarmila Šuláková?
A: Jarmila Šuláková (27 June 1929 – 11 February 2017) was a Czech folk singer.

Q: What is Gregory County, South Dakota?
A: Gregory County is a county located in the U.S.

Q: What is A Bell for Adano?
A: A Bell for Adano is a 1945 American World War II drama movie directed by Henry King and was based on the 1944 novel of the same name by John Hersey.

Q: What is Erik Larson?
A: Erik Larson (born January 3, 1954) is an American journalist and author.

Q: What is Electoral district of St Albans?
A: St Albans is an electoral district of Victoria.

Q: What is Apple Pay?
A: Apple Pay is a mobile payment service developed by Apple Inc.

Q: What is Subsidiary alliance?
A: Subsidiary alliance is a system developed by the East India Company by Lord Wellesley.

Q: What is Romesh Chandra?
A: Romesh Chandra (30 March 1919 – 4 July 2016) was an Indian leader of the Communist Party of India (CPI).

Q: What is Greeting card?
A: A greeting card is a card which is sent as a greeting or to get special attention.

Q: What is Salvador, Lanao del Norte?
A: Salvador is a municipality in the province of Lanao del Norte, Philippines.

Q: What is 42nd parallel north?
A: The 42nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 42 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane.

Q: What is Pietro Grasso?
A: Pietro Grasso (; born 1 January 1945), also known as Piero Grasso, is an President of Italy on 14 January 2015, after the resignation of President Giorgio Napolitano.

Q: What is Christian Jacob (politician)?
A: Christian Jacob (born 4 December 1959) is a French politician.

Q: What is Statute of Westminster 1931?
A: The Statute of Westminster 1931 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Family Association Gräff-Graeff?
A: The Family Association Gräff-Graeff () is an organization for descendants of the dynastic Von Graben family.

Q: What is Ambush?
A: An ambush, or a surprise attack, is a long-established military tactics Unlike other surprise attacks, the point of an ambush is not to gain territory.

Q: What is Sex symbol?
A: , one of the most famous female sex symbols.

Q: What is Powell River, British Columbia?
A: Powell River is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia.

Q: What is The Legend of Zelda?
A: Skyward Sword: The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword is a video game made in 2011 for the Wii.

Q: What is Anna Muzychuk?
A: Anna Muzychuk (born 28 February 1990 in Lviv, Ukraine) is the second-rated woman chess player in the world.

Q: What is Leicester Tigers?
A: Leicester Tigers are a rugby union club based in Leicester, England who play in the Aviva Premiership.

Q: What is Tropical Storm Matthew (2010)?
A: Tropical Storm Matthew was a rather weak though costly tropical storm that happened in September 2010.

Q: What is Shidrak Yousif?
A: Shidrak Yousif (; July 1942 – 5 August 2025) was an Iraqi footballer, manager, and sports commentator.

Q: What is Maranhão?
A: Maranhão is one of the states of Brazil.

Q: What is Attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan?
A: An assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan, the 40th President of the United States, was made on March 30, 1981 in Washington, D.C.

Q: What is Grellingen?
A: Grellingen is a municipality of the district of Laufen in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.

Q: What is Tiryns?
A: Tiryns () was an ancient Greek acropolis (city).

Q: What is Three Men and a Cradle?
A: Three Men and a Cradle () is a 1985 French comedy movie by Coline Serreau.

Q: What is Guinarthe-Parenties?
A: Guinarthe-Parenties is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département and the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Aldealpozo?
A: Aldealpozo is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Q: What is Too Funky?
A: "Too Funky" is a 1992 song by George Michael.

Q: What is Irshad Hasan Khan?
A: Justice Irshad Hasan Khan (Urdu : ) (born 7 January 1937) is a Pakistani politician and lawyer.

Q: What is Invented tradition?
A: Invented traditions are those traditions of recent origin which may claim to be old but are usually recently invented (made up).

Q: What is Primogeniture?
A: Primogeniture is the system of inheritance by the firstborn, usually the eldest son.

Q: What is Louis Clark?
A: Louis Clark (27 February 1947 – 13 February 2021) was an English music arranger and keyboard player.

Q: What is Honkytonk Man?
A: Honkytonk Man is a 1982 American musical comedy-drama movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and also starring Kyle Eastwood, John McIntire, Alexa Kenin, Verna Broom, Barry Corbin, Marty Robbins, Jerry Haddin, Tim Thomerson.

Q: What is Dawda Jawara?
A: Sir Dawda Kairaba Jawara, GCMG (May 16, 1924 &ndash; August 27, 2019) was an Gambian politician.

Q: What is Genital herpes?
A: Genital herpes is an infection of the genitals.

Q: What is Edward Boland?
A: Edward Patrick Boland (October 1, 1911 – November 4, 2001) was an American politician from Massachusetts.

Q: What is Archaeometallurgy?
A: Archaeometallurgy is a kind of archaeology.

Q: What is Bound for Glory (2012)?
A: Bound for Glory (2012) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

Q: What is Polemic?
A: A polemic is a forceful argument or controversy made against one opinion, doctrine, or person.

Q: What is Anthony Veasna So?
A: Anthony Veasna So was an American writer.

Q: What is Sarah McLachlan?
A: Sarah Ann McLachlan (born January 28, 1968) is a Canadian singer-songwriter who is known for her emotional music.

Q: What is Daniel Castro?
A: Daniel Castro Barcala (born 19 April 1997) is a Spanish archer.

Q: What is Major League Baseball?
A: Major League Baseball (MLB) is a professional baseball league in North America.

Q: What is Circle line (London Underground)?
A: The Circle line, coloured yellow on the tube map, is the eighth busiest line on the London Underground.

Q: What is Tel Aviv Drive-in?
A: The Tel Aviv Drive-in was a restaurant and movie theater in Tel Aviv, Israel.

Q: What is Guadalupe County, Texas?
A: Guadalupe County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Alan Watts?
A: Alan Wilson Watts (6 January 1915 – 16 November 1973) was a British philosopher of religion.

Q: What is Maraye-en-Othe?
A: Maraye-en-Othe is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France.

Q: What is Art Attack?
A: Art Attack is a British educational children's television series that originally aired on CBBC from October 1, 1990 to May 19, 2007 and later Disney Jr.

Q: What is Jeffrey Epstein client list?
A: held in Washington, D.C., on July 17, 2025.

Q: What is Richard H. Truly?
A: Richard Harrison Truly (November 12, 1937 &ndash; February 27, 2024) was a retired Vice Admiral in the United States Navy.

Q: What is List of emperors of Japan?
A: The list of emperors of Japan presents the traditional order of succession.emperors of Japan were wikt:compiled.

Q: What is Maigret (1960 TV series)?
A: Maigret is a British crime drama television series that was originally aired on BBC from October 31, 1960 to December 24, 1963.

Q: What is Tyrod Taylor?
A: Tyrod Taylor (born August 3, 1989) is an American professional football player.

Q: What is Jenifer Lewis?
A: Jenifer Jeanette Lewis (born January 25, 1957) is an American movie, voice, stage, television actress and singer.

Q: What is Chamber pot?
A: A chamber pot (also a chamberpot), a piss pot, a potty, a po, a gazunder, or a thunder pot) is a container with a handle, usually used as a urinal at night.

Q: What is 2020 United States Senate election in North Carolina?
A: An election happened on November 3, 2020 to elect a Senator from the U.S.

Q: What is Kahramanmaraş?
A: Kahramanmaraş is a city in southern Turkey.

Q: What is Maisprach?
A: Maisprach is a municipality of the district of Sissach in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.

Q: What is Saint-André-d'Huiriat?
A: Saint-André-d&#39;Huiriat is a commune.

Q: What is Al Jieulia?
A: Al Jieulia () is a village in Al Munirah District.

Q: What is Survivor Series (2000)?
A: Survivor Series (2000) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF).

Q: What is David Beasley?
A: David Muldrow Beasley (born February 26, 1957) is an American politician.

Q: What is Haredi Judaism?
A: Haredi ( ') is the most conservative form of Orthodox Judaism often known as ultra-Orthodox Judaism.

Q: What is Jordan Sinnott?
A: Jordan James Sinnott (14 February 1994 – 25 January 2020) was an English footballer.

Q: What is Bizen Province?
A: was an old province of Japan in the area of Okayama Prefecture on the island of Honshū.Bitchū and Bingo Provinces, it was sometimes called .

Q: What is Respect for Marriage Act?
A: The Respect for Marriage Act is a federal law in the United States.

Q: What is Tupolev Tu-104?
A: {| |} Tupolev Tu-104 (Russian: Туполев Ту-104; NATO reporting name: Camel) was a Soviet twin engine turbofan airliner designed by Tupolev.

Q: What is Tievebaun Mountain?
A: Tievebaun Mountain (, meaning "grassy slope") is a mountain in County Leitrim, Republic of Ireland.

Q: What is Knight Bachelor?
A: In the United Kingdom, a Knight Bachelor is a man who is a knight, (has the title Sir) but who is neither a: * senior member of one of the orders of chivalry, sometimes called orders of knighthood, nor * a baronet.

Q: What is Lukas Aurednik?
A: Lukas Aurednik (20 February 1918 in Vienna – 2 June 1997) was an Austrian football player.

Q: What is Probolinggo?
A: Probolinggo (, ) is a city on the north coast of East Java province, Indonesia.

Q: What is Hello, I'm Your Aunt!?
A: Hello, I'm Your Aunt! () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Titov and stars Alexander Kalyagin, Tamara Nosova, and Tatyana Vedeneyeva.

Q: What is List of GMA Network stations?
A: The following is a list of television stations that are either affiliated or owned-and-operated by GMA Network.

Q: What is Urozgan Province?
A: Urōzgān (), also spelled Uruzgan, Oruzgan, is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan.

Q: What is Scouting?
A: Scouting (sometimes called the Scout Movement) is a youth movement.

Q: What is Mary Poppins Returns?
A: Mary Poppins Returns is a 2018 fantasy musical comedy-drama movie.

Q: What is Holden, Utah?
A: Holden is a town in Millard County, Utah, United States.

Q: What is Kit Kat?
A: Kit Kat is a chocolate bar made from wafers created by Rowntree's of York, United Kingdom, and is now is made globally by Nestlé.

Q: What is Human rights in Mauritania?
A: With a July 2012 estimated population of 3.4 million, Mauritania is a highly centralized Islamic republic with no legal provisions for freedom of religion.

Q: What is Chaumont-Gistoux?
A: Chaumont-Gistoux is a municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.

Q: What is Robert B. Jordan?
A: Robert Byrd Jordan III (October 11, 1932 – February 16, 2020) was an American politician.

Q: What is Musi-Video?
A: Musi-Video was a music video series that was shown in Canada from 1980 and 1984.

Q: What is Otero County?
A: Otero County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Otero County, Colorado * Otero County, New Mexico.

Q: What is Claymont, Delaware?
A: Claymont is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Q: What is Tour de Pologne?
A: The Tour de Pologne (English: Tour of Poland) is a road bicycle racing stage race.

Q: What is Robert Noyce?
A: Robert Norton Noyce (December 12, 1927 – June 3, 1990) was an American physicist and businessman.

Q: What is Aluminium arsenide?
A: Aluminium arsenide is a chemical compound.

Q: What is Moshe Arens?
A: Moshe Arens (27 December 1925 &ndash; 7 January 2019) was an Israeli aeronautical engineer, researcher and former diplomat and politician.

Q: What is Breakfast at Tiffany's?
A: Breakfast at Tiffany's is a 1961 American romantic comedy-drama movie based on Truman Capote's novella (short book), and starring Audrey Hepburn and George Peppard.

Q: What is Colin Petersen?
A: Frederick Colin Petersen (24 March 1946 – 18 November 2024) was an Australian drummer, record producer and former child actor.

Q: What is Chrysler Hemi engine?
A: The Chrysler Hemi engine, known by the trademark Hemi nickname, is a series of V6 and V8 engines built by Chrysler with a hemispherical combustion chamber.

Q: What is Brianna Throssell?
A: Brianna Throssell is a swimmer from Australia.

Q: What is Marina Mohnen?
A: Marina Mohnen (born 31 October 1978) is a German wheelchair basketball player.

Q: What is 300?
A: Rise of an Empire: 300: Rise of an Empire is a 2014 epic action movie that is a prequel/sequel to 2006's 300.

Q: What is Tim Tipene?
A: Tim Tipene, (born 12 June 1972), is a New Zealand author, an inspirational speaker and the founder of Warrior Kids, a self control and social skills programme for children and Teenagers.

Q: What is Edward Egan?
A: Edward Michael Egan (April 2, 1932 – March 5, 2015) was an American Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.

Q: What is Pembroke, Ontario?
A: Pembroke is a city in the Canadian province of Ontario.

Q: What is First Coast?
A: The First Coast is a region of the U.S.

Q: What is William de Wiveleslie Abney?
A: William de Wiveleslie Abney (24 July 1843 – 3 December 1920) was an English astronomer, chemist, and photographer.

Q: What is Baadur Tsuladze?
A: Baadur Tsuladze ( 5 March, 1935 – 13 May 2018) was a Georgian actor, movie director, screenwriter and broadcaster.

Q: What is Daniela Hantuchová?
A: Daniela Hantuchová (born April 23, 1983) is a former Slovak professional tennis player.

Q: What is Okroshka?
A: Okróshka is a cold soup from Russia.

Q: What is COVID-19 pandemic in Slovakia?
A: The COVID-19 pandemic in Slovakia is of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus&nbsp;2 ().

Q: What is Don Payne (writer)?
A: William Donald "Don" Payne (May 5, 1964 &ndash; March 26, 2013) was an American writer and producer.

Q: What is Chi Shangbin?
A: Chi Shangbin (; 19 September 1949 – 6 March 2021) was a Chinese football player and coach.

Q: What is Bird women?
A: Bird women are the legendary hybrid creatures with parts of human females and birds.

Q: What is William Bligh?
A: William Bligh (9 September 1754–7 December 1817) was an English officer in the British Navy.

Q: What is Foreign minister?
A: A foreign minister is a person in a government whose job is to negotiate with leaders in other countries.

Q: What is King's Counsel?
A: King's Counsel (postnominal KC), during the reign of a female sovereign known as Queen's Counsel (QC), are senior lawyers in various Commonwealth countries.

Q: What is Tommy's First Birthday?
A: "Tommy's First Birthday" is the first official episode of the animated television series Rugrats.

Q: What is Royal Rumble (2004)?
A: Royal Rumble (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).

Q: What is Seaborgium?
A: Seaborgium is a chemical element.

Q: What is Death Race (2008 movie)?
A: Death Race is an 2008 American dystopian action thriller movie written and directed by Paul W.

Q: What is Turnover (food)?
A: When talking about food, a turnover is a piece of dough which is folded so that it can contain a filling.

Q: What is Pharmacy in the United Kingdom?
A: Pharmacy in the United Kingdom has been an important part of the National Health Service since it started in 1948.

Q: What is Grzegorz Targoński?
A: Grzegorz Targoński (born 19 August 1978) is a Polish archer.

Q: What is Astigmatism?
A: Astigmatism is defined as the eye creating two images instead of one image on the retina.

Q: What is Puig-reig?
A: Puig-reig is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Q: What is Flemings (supermarkets)?
A: Flemings is a group of supermarkets in Sydney.

Q: What is Do It Again (Steely Dan song)?
A: "Do It Again" is a 1972 song by Steely Dan and taken from their studio album Can't Buy a Thrill.

Q: What is Avadi?
A: Avadi is a residential locality.

Q: What is Arisdorf?
A: Arisdorf (Swiss German: Aschdrf) a municipality of the district Liestal in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.

Q: What is Banded iron formation?
A: , Western Australia Banded iron formations (or BIFs) are a distinctive type of rock often found in Precambrian sedimentary rocks.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Metz?
A: The arrondissement of Metz is an arrondissement of France, in the Moselle department, Grand Est region.

Q: What is Crunch (video games)?
A: In the video game industry, crunch is needed overtime during the creation of a game.

Q: What is Port Orford, Oregon?
A: Port Orford (Tolowa: tr’ee-ghi~’- ’an’ ) is a city in Curry County on the southern coast of Oregon, United States.

Q: What is 2021 New York Jets season?
A: The 2021 season was the New York Jets' 52nd season in the National Football League and their first under head coach Robert Saleh.

Q: What is Ali (name)?
A: Ali (, ʿAlī) is a male Arabic name derived from the Arabic root ʕ-l-w, which literally means "high", "elevated" or "champion".

Q: What is Baños de Agua Santa?
A: Baños de Agua Santa is a city in Tungurahua Province, Ecuador.

Q: What is Paul Giamatti?
A: Paul Edward Valentine Giamatti (born June 6, 1967) is an American Actor and Producer.

Q: What is Oswald the Lucky Rabbit?
A: Oswald the Lucky Rabbit is the first animal-based character made by Disney productions.

Q: What is Kamov Ka-60 Kasatka?
A: The Kamov Ka-60 Kasatka is a Russian light helicopter.

Q: What is First Czechoslovak Republic?
A: The First Czechoslovak Republic was a country in Eastern Europe.

Q: What is Igor (character)?
A: Igor is a stock character in adaptations of the book Frankenstein by Mary Shelley.

Q: What is Priceville, Alabama?
A: Priceville is the third largest municipality in Morgan County, Alabama, United States.

Q: What is Timrå?
A: Timrå is a locality, and the seat of Timrå Municipality, in the county of Västernorrland in northern Sweden.

Q: What is Russell County, Alabama?
A: Russell County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Buriolestes?
A: Buriolestes (meaning "Buriol's robber") is a genus of early sauropodomorph dinosaurs from the Late Triassic of Brazil.

Q: What is Gilberto Amauri de Godoy Filho?
A: Gilberto Amauri de Godoy Filho (born 23 December 1976 in Londrina) is a retired Brazilian professional volleyball player.

Q: What is Montjean, Mayenne?
A: Montjean is a commune of 797 people (1999).

Q: What is Xinghesaurus?
A: Xinghesaurus is the informal name given to a Sauropod dinosaur from China.

Q: What is Shin Ik-hee?
A: Shin Ik-hee (, July 11, 1894 – May 5, 1956) was a Resistance activists, politician, and educator of South Korea.

Q: What is Słupsk?
A: Słupsk is a city in northern Poland in Pomeranian Voivodeship.

Q: What is 1650s?
A: The 1650s was a decade that began on 1 January 1650 and ended on 31 December 1659.

Q: What is Geography of Israel?
A: The Geography of Israel is very different from desert weather to snowy mountains.

Q: What is Shalom?
A: Shalom (שלום) is a Hebrew word which means "peace".

Q: What is Birgitz?
A: Birgitz is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Q: What is Shirley Stelfox?
A: Shirley Stelfox (11 April 1941 – 7 December 2015) was an English actress.

Q: What is Saint-Mars-sous-Ballon?
A: Saint-Mars-sous-Ballon is a former commune.

Q: What is Single nucleotide polymorphism?
A: A single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP, pronounced snip; plural snips) is a DNA sequence variation in a population.

Q: What is Leonidas Iza?
A: Segundo Leonidas Iza Salazar (born 18 June 1982) is an Ecuadorian activist and indigenous leader of Kichwa-Panzaleo ancestry.

Q: What is Energy level?
A: :This article is about orbital (electron) energy levels.

Q: What is Essenes?
A: The Essenes were a Jewish group of holy people.

Q: What is Abstraction?
A: An Abstraction keeps only the most important information about something in order to make it easier to reuse.

Q: What is Vogorno?
A: Vogorno was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Q: What is Scrabble?
A: Scrabble is a board game that is played by 2, 3 or 4 people.

Q: What is Cécile DeWitt-Morette?
A: Cécile Andrée Paule DeWitt-Morette (21 December 1922&nbsp;– 8 May 2017) was a French mathematician and physicist.

Q: What is Bombay Hindi?
A: Mumbai Hindi, also known as Mumbaiya Hindi, Bambaiyya, Mumbaiyya or Mumbai Hindi-Urdu, is a variety of Hindi-Urdu, spoken in Mumbai (formerly Bombay), India.

Q: What is Majek Fashek?
A: Majekodunmi Fasheke, popularly known as Majek Fashek (pronounced as Ma-je-ko-dun-mi Ifa-kii-she-eke) (March 1963 – June 2, 2020) was a Nigerian singer-songwriter and guitarist.

Q: What is It Takes Two?
A: It Takes Two is a 1995 American film starring Kirstie Alley, Steve Guttenberg, Jeremy London and Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.

Q: What is Basket Case (song)?
A: "Basket Case" is a song by the band, Green Day from its third album Dookie.

Q: What is Life in the Fast Lane?
A: "Life in the Fast Line" is a 1977 song by Eagles.

Q: What is Jürg Neuenschwander (organist)?
A: Jürg Neuenschwander (14 January 1947 &ndash; 23 March 2014) was a Swiss organist and musician.

Q: What is African diaspora?
A: The African diaspora refers to people around the world whose ancestors came from Africa.

Q: What is Floating point unit?
A: A floating point unit (FPU) is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on floating point numbers.

Q: What is San Raffaele Cimena?
A: San Raffaele Cimena is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Q: What is Agaw languages?
A: The Agaw, or Central Cushitic, languages are a small branch of Cushitic languages.

Q: What is High School Musical 3?
A: Senior Year: High School Musical 3: Senior Year is the third installment in Disney's High School Musical franchise.

Q: What is Hardcore Gamer?
A: Hardcore Gamer is an video gaming magazine that based / published in United States.

Q: What is Hindustan Times?
A: Hindustan Times is an English language newspaper published in India.

Q: What is David Shulkin?
A: David Jonathon Shulkin (born June 22, 1959) is an American physician and politician.

Q: What is Foreign Language Teaching and Research Press?
A: Foreign Language Teaching and Research Press Co., Ltd.

Q: What is Gopalkrishna Gandhi?
A: Gopalkrishna Devdas Gandhi (born 22 April 1945) is an Indian politician.

Q: What is Fredrik Reinfeldt?
A: John Fredrik Reinfeldt (born August 4, 1965) was the Prime Minister of Sweden from 2006 to 2014.

Q: What is Dishwashing liquid?
A: Dishwashing liquid is liquid detergent.

Q: What is Brussels Airport?
A: Brussels Airport (IATA BRU) is the national airport of Belgium.

Q: What is Britannia Stadium?
A: The Britannia Stadium, otherwise known as the bet365 Stadium for sponsorship reasons, is an association football stadium in Stoke-on-Trent.

Q: What is Sue Cleaver?
A: Susan Owen (née Cleaver; born 2 September 1963) is an English actress.

Q: What is Territorialism?
A: Territorialism may refer to: *Animals that defend a territory *Feudalism *Jewish territorialism *land tenure *Territorialist School in Italy.

Q: What is Contraposition?
A: In logic and math, contraposition is the right way to reverse "if-then" statements.

Q: What is Lammtarra?
A: Lammtarra (February 2, 1992 &ndash; July 6, 2014) was an unbeaten Thoroughbred racehorse.

Q: What is Rhonda Byrne?
A: Rhonda Byrne ( ; née Izon; born 1951, Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian producer and writer for television.

Q: What is Baldwin Park, California?
A: Baldwin Park is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States.

Q: What is Ross Island, South Andaman district?
A: Ross Island is an island of the Andaman Islands.

Q: What is Teodor Shanin?
A: Teodor Shanin OBE (30 October 1930 – 4 February 2020) was a Lithuanian-born British-Russian sociologist.

Q: What is Cuddalore?
A: Cuddaloreis a city which is the headquarters of the Cuddalore district in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu.After the fall of Cholas, the town was ruled by various dynasties like Pandyas, Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Thanjavur Nayaks, Thajavur Marathas, Tipu Sultan, French and the British Empire.

Q: What is Wayne Stenehjem?
A: Wayne Stenehjem ( ; February 5, 1953 – January 28, 2022) was an American lawyer and Republican politician.

Q: What is 2020 United States presidential election in Alaska?
A: The 2020 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election.

Q: What is Fernando Gómez Doblas?
A: Fernando Gómez Doblas (born October 16, 1965 in Málaga) is a track and field athlete from Spain.

Q: What is Early Japanese iron-working techniques?
A: In Japan, blast furnaces were invented very early.

Q: What is Edgewater, Volusia County, Florida?
A: Edgewater, Volusia County is a city of Florida in the United States.

Q: What is Hate group?
A: A hate group is a group of people that want to hurt and be mean to other people.

Q: What is Carl Wheezer?
A: Carlton "Carl" Ulysses Wheezer is a fictional character from the American computer animated film Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius and its adapted television series The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius created by John A.

Q: What is Saint-Denis-du-Payré?
A: Saint-Denis-du-Payré is a commune.

Q: What is Gedinne?
A: Gedinne is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.

Q: What is Cheng Shuang?
A: Cheng Shuang (; born February 11, 1987) is a Chinese female aerial skier who took part in the 2010 Winter Olympics.

Q: What is Griesheim-sur-Souffel?
A: Griesheim-sur-Souffel is a commune.

Q: What is Mosleh Zamani?
A: Mosleh Zamani (also referred as Moslah Zamani) was a young Kurdish man from Sanandaj, who was executed for adultery in December 2009 (under Iranian law, every sexual contact outside marriage, even if both people are unmarried, is adulterous).

Q: What is 2017 Women's March?
A: The 2017 Women's March was a global demonstration on 21-22 January 2017.

Q: What is Tequeño?
A: A Tequeño is a type of fried cheese that is breaded.

Q: What is Horlivka?
A: Horlivka (; , Gorlovka) is a city of regional significance in Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.

Q: What is You Only Live Twice (movie)?
A: You Only Live Twice is a 1967 British spy action thriller movie directed by Lewis Gilbert and is the 5th movie in the James Bond franchise.

Q: What is Martin Adams?
A: Martin Adams (born 1956) is an English professional darts player.

Q: What is The Raven (1935 movie)?
A: The Raven is a 1935 American psychological horror directed by Lew Landers and was based on the 1845 poem by Edgar Allan Poe.

Q: What is Eastern black-and-white colobus?
A: The eastern black-and-white colobus monkey, or mantled gueraza (Colobus guereza) is a species of monkey.

Q: What is Bawarij Attack in Oman?
A: The Bawarij Attack in Oman also referred as the Bawarij Attack in Basrah, was a naval assault carried out by the Bawarij Pirates from Indian subcontinent.

Q: What is William H. Masters?
A: William Howell Masters (December 27, 1915 &ndash; February 16, 2001) was an American gynecologist.

Q: What is Seann William Scott?
A: Seann William Scott (born October 3, 1976) is an American actor.

Q: What is Special agent?
A: In the United States, a special agent is a detective or investigator who investigates suspected violations of federal, state or agencies.

Q: What is Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol?
A: The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol, is a protocol related to computers and networks of computers.

Q: What is Lohnstorf?
A: Lohnstorf was a municipality in Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Tony Atkinson?
A: Sir Anthony Barnes "Tony" Atkinson, (4 September 1944 &ndash; 1 January 2017) was a British people He was elected a member of the Academia Europaea in 1988.

Q: What is Ouaka?
A: Ouaka is one of the 16 prefectures of the Central African Republic.

Q: What is Kim Yong-il?
A: Kim Yong-il (born 2 May 1944) was the Premier of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea from April 2007 to 7 June 2010.

Q: What is Barmas Gilgit?
A: Barmas is a locality on a foothill near Gilgit city, in Gilgit-Baltistan.

Q: What is Roger Williams (theologian)?
A: Roger Williams (March 1683) was an English-born New England minister, theologian, author, and founder of the Providence Plantations, which became the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations and later the Rhode Island.

Q: What is Belial?
A: Belial is a term in the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament which later became Secret Book of John, the ruler of the underworld is known as Belias.

Q: What is Triumph the Insult Comic Dog?
A: Triumph the Insult Comic Dog is a puppet character puppeteered and voiced by Robert Smigel, best known for mocking celebrities in an Eastern European accent.

Q: What is Napoleon?
A: Napoleon Bonaparte () was a French politician and army leader who ruled France from 1799 to 1814 and for a short period (the "Hundred Days") in 1815.

Q: What is Downfall (2004 movie)?
A: Downfall (German: Der Untergang) is a 2004 German war movie about the final days of Adolf Hitler, the Nazi dictator of Germany, in the Führerbunker.

Q: What is Space (Latin American TV channel)?
A: Space is a Latin American subscription television channel of Argentine origin.

Q: What is 2015–16 Premier League?
A: The 2015–16 Premier League was the 24th Premier League that took place from 8 August 2015 to 17 May 2016.

Q: What is Hekla 3 eruption?
A: The Hekla 3 eruption (circa 1000 BCE) is thought to be the most severe eruption of Hekla during the Holocene.

Q: What is Annie Murphy?
A: Anne Frances Murphy (born December 19, 1986) is a Canadian actress.

Q: What is Magenta, Marne?
A: Magenta is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

Q: What is Lethbridge?
A: Lethbridge is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta.

Q: What is Bill Prady?
A: Bill Prady (born June 7, 1960) is an American television writer and producer who has worked on American sitcoms and variety programs, including The Big Bang Theory.

Q: What is Debugger?
A: A debugger is a computer program that is used to test and "debug" other programs, mainly to solve programming bugs.

Q: What is Plumed whistling duck?
A: The plumed whistling duck (Dendrocygna eytoni), also called the grass whistling duck, is a type of whistling duck.

Q: What is Gold farming?
A: Gold farming is playing a massively multiplayer online game to get virtual currency that other players buy in exchange for actual money.

Q: What is Inka Bause?
A: Inka Bause (born 21 November 1968 in Leipzig) is a German schlager singer, TV presenter and actress.

Q: What is Tanzeem Ittehad-I-Ummat?
A: Tanzeem Ittehad-I-Ummat (Urdu:تنزیم اتحاد امت) is not a political organisation, and its edicts are not legally binding.

Q: What is Bianca's Kids?
A: Bianca's Kids is a non-profit organization which was founded by Deborah Anne Savigliano in 2010.

Q: What is Phuket?
A: Phuket (; , , or Tongkah) is a municipality and island off the coast of Thailand.

Q: What is Puppet on a Chain (movie)?
A: Puppet on a Chain is a 1970 British Dutch crime thriller movie directed by Geoffrey Reeve and Don Sharp.

Q: What is Morehouse Parish, Louisiana?
A: Morehouse Parish is a parish located in the U.S.

Q: What is Goya Awards?
A: The Goya Awards () are Spain's main national annual movie awards.

Q: What is Bob Dornan?
A: Robert Kenneth Dornan (born April 3, 1933) is an American politician, actor and radio personality.

Q: What is Hybrid vigour?
A: Hybrid vigour (or hybrid vigor), also known as heterosis in genetics, happens when the child of two different varieties of organism is more fit or vigorous than either of its parents.

Q: What is Aloadae?
A: In Greek mythology, the Aloadae (, Aloadai) were a a pair of giants, sons of Poseidon and the mortal princess Iphimedia.

Q: What is Gavin McInnes?
A: on December 19, 2015 Gavin Miles McInnes (born July 17, 1970) is a Canadian writer, far-right political commentator, polemicist, actor, and comedian.

Q: What is Cressin-Rochefort?
A: Cressin-Rochefort is a commune.

Q: What is The United States of America (disambiguation)?
A: The United States of America is a country mainly in North America.

Q: What is Sheshdeh?
A: Sheshdeh (, also Romanized as Shash Deh, Shesh Deh, and Shish Deh) is a city and capital of Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District, in Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.

Q: What is Nynäshamn Municipality?
A: Nynäshamn Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden.

Q: What is Standardized test?
A: A standardized test is a Test (assessment) Often they are used as a test to join an institution or gain a license of some sort.

Q: What is Small Town Singers?
A: Small Town Singers is a musical group in Söderköping in Sweden.

Q: What is Your Latest Trick?
A: "Your Latest Trick" is a song by Dire Straits.

Q: What is Shyamkanu Mahanta?
A: Shyamkanu Mahanta is an Indian entrepreneur, cultural organizer, and consultant.

Q: What is United States Secretary of Education?
A: The United States Secretary of Education is the head of the Department of Education.

Q: What is Surinam horned frog?
A: Ceratophrys is a genus of frogs.

Q: What is Alexis Carrel?
A: Alexis Carrel (28 June 1873 5 November 1944) was a transplantation of blood vessels and Organ (anatomy).

Q: What is Agastya?
A: According to Hindu mythology, Agastya was the name of a famous sage (rishi).

Q: What is Humat ad-Diyar?
A: "Ḥumāt ad-Diyār" (, , ; "Guardians of the Homeland") is the national anthem of Syria.

Q: What is Genkō?
A: Genkō or Genko may mean * , also romanized as Genkō, Japanese era from 1321 to 1324 * , Japanese era from 1331 to 1334 Other uses: * is a general term for the two attempts to invade the islands of Japan by Korean and Mongolian forces in 1274 and 1271 * , a type of Japanese paper.

Q: What is Yngve A. A. Larsson?
A: Yngve Axel Andreas Larsson (9 January 1917 &ndash; 22 March 2014) was a Swedish pediatrician, medicine professor and diabetologist.

Q: What is Shadow Foreign Secretary?
A: The shadow secretary of state for foreign, Commonwealth and development affairs, also known as the shadow foreign secretary, is a position within the UK official opposition shadow cabinet.

Q: What is Hao Wei?
A: Hao Wei is an archer from China.

Q: What is Brownian motion?
A: Brownian motion is the random motion of particles suspended in a medium (a liquid or a gas).

Q: What is Belle Époque?
A: that captures the vibrant spirit of the Belle Époque La Belle Époque (; French for "The Beautiful Era") was a period of European history.

Q: What is Lyle Talbot?
A: Lyle Talbot (Lisle Henderson, February 8, 1902 – March 2, 1996) was an American movie, television, stage, voice, radio actor.

Q: What is Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan?
A: Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan (February 15, 1927 &ndash; January 4, 2017) was an Indian sitar player and composer.

Q: What is Chocó Department?
A: Chocó Department is a department of Colombia known for its large Afro-Colombian population.

Q: What is Wolfsburg?
A: Wolfsburg is a city in the German state of Lower Saxony.

Q: What is Andres, Illinois?
A: Andres is an unincorporated community in Will County, Illinois, United States.

Q: What is Golden Sun (series)?
A: Golden Sun is a fantasy handheld role-playing video game series.

Q: What is Abner?
A: Abner is a Hebrew name that signifies "father of light" or "my father is a light." It has been commonly used by Jewish families for many generations.

Q: What is Priest Holmes?
A: Priest Holmes (born October 7, 1973) is a former American Football runningback.

Q: What is Mary Margaret O'Reilly?
A: Mary Margaret O'Reilly (October 14, 1865 - December 6, 1949) was the acting director of the Mints and Assay Office of the United States Department of the Treasury and later assistant treasurer.

Q: What is Mittelschwaben?
A: Mittelschwaben is a part of the Bavarian administrative region Swabia.

Q: What is Val-de-Dagne?
A: Val-de-Dagne is a commune of 739 people (2017).

Q: What is Cissy Houston?
A: Emily "Cissy" Houston (née Drinkard; September 30, 1933 &ndash; October 7, 2024) was an American soul and gospel singer.

Q: What is Mezzo Mix?
A: Mezzo Mix is a soft drink made by The Coca-Cola Company and was first introduced in West Germany in 1973.

Q: What is Võ Nguyên Giáp?
A: Võ Nguyên Giáp (25 August 1911 – 4 October 2013) was a general in the Vietnam People's Army and a politician.

Q: What is Michael Spicer?
A: William Michael Hardy Spicer, Baron Spicer PC (22 January 1943 – 29 May 2019) was a British Conservative Party peer and member of the House of Lords from 2010 to 2019.

Q: What is Dinesh Kumar?
A: Dinesh Kumar may refer to: *Dinesh Kumar (bowls) (born 1977), Indian international lawn bowler *Dinesh Kumar (boxer) (born 1988), Indian boxer *Dinesh Kumar (choreographer) (born 1975), Indian choreographer *Dinesh Kumar (cyclist), Indian cyclist at events such as 2022 Commonwealth Games.

Q: What is Copycat suicide?
A: Sometimes, after a person commits suicide, other people will copy them and also kill themselves.

Q: What is Jeff Davis County, Texas?
A: Jeff Davis County is a Fort Davis.

Q: What is Amoghavarsha Conflicts with Palas?
A: Amoghavarsha I of Rashtrakuta Empire raided the North Eastern India ruled by the Palas at that time, he was successful in defeating the Pala Empire.

Q: What is Special Representative of the Secretary-General?
A: A Special Representative of the Secretary-General is a highly respected expert who has been appointed by the Secretary-General of the United Nations to represent her/him in meetings with heads of state on critical human rights issues.

Q: What is Daphne Zuniga?
A: Daphne Zuniga (born October 28, 1962) is an American actress.

Q: What is Hurricane Hilda?
A: Hurricane Hilda was an intense tropical cyclone that ravaged areas of the United States Gulf Coast, particularly Louisiana.

Q: What is Calgary (disambiguation)?
A: Calgary might mean any of the following places: *Calgary, Mull is a village and a bay on the Isle of Mull, Scotland, United Kingdom *Fort Calgary was a Northwest Mounted Police fort founded in 1875, named after Scotland's Calgary.

Q: What is Hulu?
A: Hulu is an American streaming service.

Q: What is House of Representatives (Belize)?
A: The House of Representatives of Belize is one of the two chambers of the National Assembly, the other being the Senate.

Q: What is Burnside, Western Australia?
A: Burnside is a small locality in the South West region of Western Australia, located within the Shire of Augusta-Margaret River.

Q: What is University of Antofagasta?
A: The University of Antofagasta () is a university in Antofagasta, Chile.

Q: What is Wrestling Pro?
A: Edward Leon Baxter (June 4, 1938 – August 15, 2019) was an American professional wrestler.

Q: What is Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)?
A: "Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)" is a single by Lady Gaga.

Q: What is Txiki Begiristain?
A: Txiki Begiristain (born 12 August 1964) is a former Spanish football player.

Q: What is The Story of Pollyanna, Girl of Love?
A: is a Japanese anime series by Nippon Animation.

Q: What is Bridgestone Museum of Art?
A: is an art museum in Tokyo, Japan.

Q: What is Alban Berg?
A: Alban Berg (born Vienna, 9 February 1885; died Vienna 24 December 1935) was an Austrian composer.

Q: What is Ball Arena?
A: Ball Arena is a sports arena in Denver, Colorado.

Q: What is Mödingen?
A: Mödingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Q: What is Comic strip?
A: A comic strip is a series of panels with cartoon drawings in them that make a story.

Q: What is Men and Beasts?
A: Men and Beasts () is a 1962 Soviet-German drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov.

Q: What is Dirty?
A: Dirty could mean: *being like dirt (and the word meaning not clean) *violating accepted standards or rules: cheating * a sexually proactive person.

Q: What is Chalmette, Louisiana?
A: Chalmette is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S.

Q: What is Shopping bag?
A: A shopping bag is a bag that is used to carry items that were purchased during shopping, for example in a grocery store or supermarket.

Q: What is Surunga?
A: Surunga is a center for trade in Kankai Municipality of Jhapa District in Nepal.

Q: What is In the Closet?
A: "In the Closet" is a song by American singer-songwriter Michael Jackson from his 1991 album Dangerous.

Q: What is Blanchard, Oklahoma?
A: Blanchard is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Q: What is Stockton and Darlington Railway?
A: The Stockton and Darlington Railway was a railway company in north-east England from 1825 to 1863.

Q: What is Jadeite Cabbage?
A: The Jadeite Cabbage (), or Jadeite Cabbage with Insects, is a Chinese sculpture.

Q: What is Lampasas County, Texas?
A: Lampasas County ( ) is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in the U.S.

Q: What is Parnamirim?
A: Parnamirim is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Norte.

Q: What is Noord-Beveland?
A: Noord-Beveland, Zeelandic: Noôrd-Beveland or Noord-Beveland, is a (former) island and municipality of the province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

Q: What is St Ives (UK Parliament constituency)?
A: St Ives () is a constituency of the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Planetesimal?
A: Planetesimals are small, solid objects thought to exist in protoplanetary disks around a young or forming star.

Q: What is Trio me' Bumba?
A: Trio me' Bumba' is a band established at Södermalm in the town of Stockholm in Sweden in 1957.

Q: What is Mies, Switzerland?
A: Mies is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Jillian Tamaki?
A: Jillian Tamaki (born April 17, 1980) is a Canadian American illustrator.

Q: What is Person of Interest (TV series)?
A: Person of Interest is an American crime drama television series that aired on CBS from September 22, 2011 to June 21, 2016.

Q: What is Samuel Fuller?
A: Samuel Fuller (1580 - 1633) was a passenger on the 1620 voyage of the Pilgrim ship Mayflower and singed the Mayflower Compact.

Q: What is Erik Durm?
A: Erik Durm (born 12 May 1992 in Pirmasens) is a German association football defender (football) that plays for Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national football team.

Q: What is Culebra?
A: Culebra (meaning snake in Spanish) has several meanings: * Island of Culebra, part of Puerto Rico.

Q: What is Shemini Atzeret?
A: Shemini Atzeret (&nbsp;– "the Eighth [day] of Assembly") is a Jewish holiday of the (Northern Hemisphere) autumn.

Q: What is Alexander Dennis Enviro300?
A: The Alexander Dennis Enviro300 is a single decker body of a bus and chassis.

Q: What is Second impeachment and removal of Martín Vizcarra?
A: address the nation following the congressional vote to impeach and remove him from the presidency The second impeachment of Martín Vizcarra, the 60th President of Peru, began when the Congress of Peru started the process on 8 October 2020 because of Vizcarra's "permanent moral incapacity".

Q: What is Heridas de amor?
A: Heridas de amor (English: Wounds of Love) is a 2006 Mexican telenovela that was originally aired on Canal de las Estrellas from April 3 to September 22.

Q: What is Federal Ministry of Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth?
A: The Federal Ministry of Family, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth () (BMFSFJ) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Q: What is Marco Rubio 2016 presidential campaign?
A: The 2016 presidential campaign of Marco Rubio, the junior United States Senator from Florida, and former Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives, was formally announced on April 13, 2015, at an event at the Bash, Dana (April 13, 2015) [http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/13/politics/election-2016-marco-rubio-presidential-campaign/ "He's in: Marco Rubio announces presidential bid"], CNN.

Q: What is The Turning Point?
A: The Turning Point is a 1977 American drama movie directed by Herbert Ross and starring Shirley MacLaine, Anne Bancroft, Tom Skerritt, Leslie Browne, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Martha Scott.

Q: What is Valerie Sutton?
A: Valerie Sutton (born February 22, 1951) is someone who found a way to write how to move while dancing.

Q: What is Aermacchi M.B.339?
A: {| |} Aermacchi M.B.339 was built by Alenia Aermacchi.

Q: What is Turkish Grand Prix?
A: The Turkish Grand Prix is a grand prix hold in Turkey.

Q: What is The Driver?
A: The Driver is a 1978 American crime thriller movie directed by Walter Hill and stars Ryan O'Neal, Bruce Dern, Isabelle Adjani.

Q: What is Die Lit?
A: Die Lit is the first studio album by American rapper Playboi Carti.

Q: What is Apocynaceae?
A: The Apocynaceae or dogbane family is a family of flowering plants in the order Gentianales.

Q: What is Store?
A: Store has several meanings: * Storage, a place for saving things ** Warehouse * Retail store ** A department store ** A shop English 850 words.

Q: What is János Juszkó?
A: János Juszkó (9 June 1939 – 2 May 2018) was a Hungarian cyclist.

Q: What is Robert Duncan?
A: Robert Edward Duncan (January 7, 1919 – February 3, 1988) was an American poet.

Q: What is Pierrette Bloch?
A: Pierrette Bloch (June 16, 1928 – July 7, 2017) was a French-born Swiss painter and textile artist.

Q: What is Niger?
A: Niger or the Niger ), officially the Republic of the Niger, is a country in western Africa.

Q: What is Trespass?
A: Trespass is an area of criminal law or tort law where someone or a group of people go into an area where people are not supposed to go to or breaking into private property.

Q: What is Ghulam Shah Jeelani?
A: Ghulam Shah Jeelani (; 7 August 1957 – 13 September 2019) was a Pakistani politician.

Q: What is TikTok?
A: TikTok is an online video sharing Social networking service According to TikTok users must be at least 13 years old to have an account.

Q: What is Taekwondo?
A: Taekwondo (also spelled tae kwon do, taekwon-do, or more exactly taegwondo) is a martial art (system of fighting) of Korean origin, similar to the Japanese karate.

Q: What is Coffea?
A: Coffea (coffee) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae.

Q: What is Miguel Ángel D'Annibale?
A: Miguel Ángel D'Annibale (27 March 1959 – 14 April 2020) was an Argentine bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.

Q: What is Animorphs?
A: Animorphs is a young-adult science fiction book series.

Q: What is Cowlitz River?
A: Cowlitz River is a river in the state of Washington in the United States.

Q: What is ISO 3166-2?
A: LV: ISO 3166-2:LV is the entry for Latvia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Q: What is Folk Nation?
A: The Folk Nation is an union of street gangs originating in Chicago, established in 1978.

Q: What is Jaani Dushman?
A: Ek Anokhi Kahani: Jaani Dushman : Ek Anokhi Kahani is a 2002 Bollywood film, starring Sunny Deol, Suniel Shetty and Akshay Kumar in lead roles.

Q: What is Isaac Levitan?
A: Isaac Ilyich Levitan (; August 30, 1860 &ndash; ) was a Lithuanian-Russian landscape painter of Jewish descent.

Q: What is Shefqet Nebih Gashi?
A: Shefqet Nebih Gashi (born 6 June 1927) is Yugoslavian politician.

Q: What is Angioedema?
A: Angioedema is swelling that is similar to hives, but the swelling is under the skin instead of on the surface.

Q: What is Q Type Star?
A: A Q Star, also a grey hole, is a hypothetical neutron star.

Q: What is Takahiro Matsumoto?
A: Takahiro "Tak" Matsumoto (born March 27, 1961 in Toyonaka, Osaka) is a Japanese guitarist.

Q: What is Murder of Seth Rich?
A: The murder of Seth Rich happened on Sunday, July 10, 2016, at 4:20&nbsp;a.m.

Q: What is Aub?
A: Aub () is a town in Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is La Paz, Indiana?
A: La Paz is a small town located in North Township, Marshall County, Indiana.

Q: What is Reeza Hendricks?
A: Reeza Raphael Hendricks is a cricketer from South Africa.

Q: What is M78?
A: M78 is a diffuse reflection nebula in the constellation of Orion.

Q: What is Micha Lindenstrauss?
A: Micha Lindenstrauss (&lrm;; 28 June 1937 &ndash; 2 May 2019) was a German-born Israeli judge.

Q: What is Vessel?
A: Vessel or vessels may refer to: *Blood vessel, a tube that carries blood around the body *Lymph vessel, a thin walled, valved structure that carries lymph *Vessel element, a narrow tube that carries water in plants (such as the xylem) *Bowl, a common open-top container *Drinking vessel, for holding drinkable liquids *Marine vessel, any kind of boat or ship.

Q: What is Rhenen?
A: Rhenen is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht.

Q: What is Andrea Parenti?
A: Andrea Parenti is an Italian archer.

Q: What is Southland (TV series)?
A: Southland is an American crime drama television series that aired on NBC for one season from April 9 to May 21, 2009, and then on TNT for four seasons from March 2, 2010, to April 17, 2013.

Q: What is Chelyabinsk?
A: Chelyabinsk is a city in the Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia.

Q: What is Édouard Balladur?
A: Édouard Balladur (; born 2 May 1929) is a French politician.

Q: What is Turkish Americans?
A: Turkish Americans or American Turks are Americans who come from families with ethnic Turkish backgrounds, including Romanlar.

Q: What is Asian Men's Handball Championship?
A: The Asian Handball Nations Championship is the official competition for senior national handball teams of Asia (since 2018, also includes teams from Oceania), and takes place every two years.

Q: What is Downy woodpecker?
A: The downy woodpecker (Dryobates pubescens) is a species of woodpecker.

Q: What is Leptomantis bimaculatus?
A: The Mindanao flying frog, blue-legged tree frog, banded pigmy tree frog, Asiatic tree frog, or blue-spotted tree frog (Leptomantis bimaculatus) is a frog.

Q: What is Mungo Wentworth MacCallum?
A: Mungo Wentworth MacCallum (21 December 1941 – 9 December 2020) was an Australian political commentator and journalist.

Q: What is The Law of Life (movie)?
A: The Law of Life () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper and Boris Ivanov.

Q: What is Jessica Niles?
A: Jessica Niles (born 14 July 1993) is a Canadian volleyball player.

Q: What is Supergirl (2026 movie)?
A: Supergirl is an upcoming American superhero movie based on the DC Comics superheroine Supergirl.

Q: What is Michael Foley?
A: Michael Foley is a racing cyclist from Canada.

Q: What is Tihomir Arsić?
A: Tihomir Arsić (21 July 1957 – 7 December 2020) was a Serbian actor.

Q: What is Ulric Browne?
A: Ulric Franklyn Browne (born April 1957) is an English actor.

Q: What is Ashok Gasti?
A: Ashok Gasti (1965 – 17 September 2020) was an Indian politician and a lawyer.

Q: What is Somalilander?
A: market in somaliland with somalilanders Somalilander/Somalilanders are the people in Somaliland.

Q: What is Handicraft?
A: Handicraft is a type of craft where people make things using only their hands or basic tools.

Q: What is Lesley Gore?
A: Lesley Gore (May 2, 1946 &ndash; February 16, 2015) was an American singer, actress, and feminist.

Q: What is François Arago?
A: François Jean Dominique Arago (Catalan: Francesc Joan Dominic Aragó; February 26, 1786 – October 2, 1853) was a French mathematician, physicist, astronomer and politician.

Q: What is Polestar?
A: Polestar is a Swedish automotive brand.

Q: What is Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria?
A: Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria (19 March 1751 – 15 October 1767) was an Archduchess of Austria as the daughter of Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor and Maria Theresa of Austria.

Q: What is Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria?
A: Franz Ferdinand Karl Ludwig Josef of Austria, or Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria-Este (Franz Ferdinand Karl Ludwig Josef; ) (18 December 1863&nbsp;– 28 June 1914), was an archduke (like a prince) of Austria and the heir presumptive of Austria-Hungary in 1896 Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria.

Q: What is William Izarra?
A: William Ernesto Izarra Caldera (7 May 1947 – 1 October 2021) was a Venezuelan diplomat, academic, writer, military official, and politician.

Q: What is Liechtenstein at the Olympics?
A: Liechtenstein at the Olympics is a history which began in 1948.

Q: What is Oroville, Washington?
A: Oroville is a city in the northern bulk of the Okanagan Highlands in north-central Washington, United States.

Q: What is Gorkha National Liberation Front?
A: Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF) is a political party in the Darjeeling District of West Bengal, Republic of India.

Q: What is Donaueschingen?
A: Donaueschingen is a German town in the Black Forest in the southwest of the state of Baden-Württemberg in the Schwarzwald-Baar district.

Q: What is Baroque (band)?
A: Baroque (written as baroque) is a Japanese visual kei rock band.

Q: What is Oddworld?
A: Oddworld is a 1997 video game series that has won many awards.

Q: What is Madonna (disambiguation)?
A: Madonna (Italian for "my lady") can have different meanings.

Q: What is Estelle Balet?
A: Estelle Balet (19 December 1994 – 19 April 2016) was a Swiss freeride snowboarder and two-time world champion in 2015 and 2016 at the Freeride World Tour.

Q: What is Mergozzo?
A: Mergozzo is a comune in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Q: What is Double Cluster?
A: The Double Cluster, is NGC 884 and NGC 869, a group of two open star clusters in the Perseus constellation.

Q: What is Gesualdo?
A: Gesualdo is an Italian commune of the region of the Campania, province of Avellino, with about 3.800 inhabitants.

Q: What is Agnes Baker Pilgrim?
A: Agnes Emma Baker Pilgrim (September 11, 1924 – November 27, 2019) was a Native American spiritual elder.

Q: What is Louis Nzala Kianza?
A: Louis Nzala Kianza (6 February 1946 &ndash; 26 November 2020) was a Democratic Republic of the Congo Roman Catholic bishop.

Q: What is Zombies 3?
A: Zombies 3 is a 2022 American science fiction musical film directed by Paul Hoen and written by David Light and Joseph Raso.

Q: What is Jimmy Bullard?
A: James Richard Bullard (born 23 October 1978) is an English former professional footballer, coach and television personality.

Q: What is Athletics at the Olympics of Grace – 4 × 100 metres relay?
A: The 4 × 100 metres relay at the Olympics of Grace was held in Florence at the ASSI Giglio Rosso from 30 to 31 May 1931.

Q: What is François-Yves Guillin?
A: François-Yves Guillin (7 September 1921 – 18 October 2020) was a French resistance fighter, doctor, and historian.

Q: What is L'Anse aux Meadows?
A: L'Anse aux Meadows is a historical settlement on the island of Newfoundland in eastern Canada.

Q: What is Battle of Re'im?
A: The battle of Re'im took place on 7 October 2023, when military wing of Hamas, the Al-Qassam Brigades.

Q: What is Jim Belushi?
A: James Adam "Jim" Belushi (born June 15, 1954) is an American actor, comedian, singer and musician.

Q: What is Martina Altenberger?
A: Martina Altenberger is Paralympic alpine skier from Austria.

Q: What is Nina Hillman?
A: , known professionally as Nina Hillman, is an American-Japanese actress, idol singer and model.

Q: What is Spitz (band)?
A: Spitz is a Japanese rock band that set up in 1987.

Q: What is Tom McCabe?
A: Thomas "Tom" McCabe (28 April 1954 &ndash; 19 April 2015) was a Scottish Labour Party politician.

Q: What is Hallerbos?
A: The Hallerbos is a forest in Belgium.

Q: What is Airbag?
A: An airbag is a part of the safety restraint system in cars.

Q: What is Air Seychelles?
A: Air Seychelles is the national airline of Seychelles.

Q: What is Dhani dialect?
A: Dhani is a dialect of the Punjabi language, spoken in the Rawalpindi Division in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Q: What is Ollmuth?
A: Ollmuth is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Q: What is Shenandoah, Iowa?
A: Shenandoah is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Electoral district of Clayfield?
A: Clayfield is an electoral district of Queensland.

Q: What is Tibor Nyilasi?
A: Tibor Nyilasi (born 18 January 1955) is a Hungarian football player and manager.

Q: What is Jessica Poland?
A: Jessica Charlotte Poland (born January 15, 1988), also known by her stage names JPOLND, Charlotte Sometimes, and Laces, is an American singer-songwriter.

Q: What is STS-122?
A: STS-122 is the name of the 121st flight of the Space Shuttle, taking seven people into outer space to visit the International Space Station.

Q: What is Photodissociation?
A: Photodissociation, photolysis, or photodecomposition is a chemical reaction in which a chemical compound is broken down by photons.

Q: What is Casas de Garcimolina?
A: Casas de Garcimolina is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.

Q: What is WarioWare?
A: Move It!: WarioWare: Move It! is a 2023 party video game developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch.

Q: What is New Right (Israel)?
A: The New Right (, HaYamin HeHadash) is a right-wing political party in Israel, established in December 2018 by justice minister Ayelet Shaked and education minister Naftali Bennett.

Q: What is Franklin County, Vermont?
A: Franklin County is a county of Vermont in the United States.

Q: What is Trace Cyrus?
A: Trace Dempsey Cyrus (born Neil Timothy Helson; February 24, 1989) is an American musician.

Q: What is Peach?
A: The peach is a species of the Prunus persica, and is a fruit tree of the rose family Rosaceae.

Q: What is Agnières?
A: Agnières is a commune in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Q: What is Darkest Hour (movie)?
A: Darkest Hour is a 2017 war drama movie directed by Joe Wright and written by Anthony McCarten.

Q: What is Tutsi?
A: Tutsi, is an ethnic group of people living in Rwanda and Burundi.

Q: What is Immigration?
A: Immigration means people moving from their native regions into another country to live.

Q: What is Pteroxygonum?
A: Pteroxygonum is a Polygonaceae genus, related to Fallopia.

Q: What is Enola Holmes (movie)?
A: Enola Holmes is a 2020 American mystery movie based on the first book in the series of the same name by Nancy Springer.

Q: What is Caning?
A: Caning is a form of punishment that involves prohibited under international law as a form of torture.

Q: What is Pacheco, California?
A: Pacheco is a census-designated place (CDP) in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

Q: What is Balkan Air Force?
A: The Balkan Air Force, was an Allied air formation that was active in the Balkan region (primarily in Yugoslavia).

Q: What is Viktor Stålberg?
A: Viktor Stålberg (born January 17, 1986 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a professional Swedish ice hockey right winger that currently signed to the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Sally Kirkland?
A: Sally Kirkland (October 31, 1941 &ndash; November 11, 2025) was an American movie and television actress.

Q: What is Down (Jay Sean song)?
A: "Down" is the first single by English singer Jay Sean featuring rapper Lil Wayne.

Q: What is Laetitia Casta?
A: Laetitia Casta (born 11 May 1978) is a French actress and model.

Q: What is Sant Feliu de Llobregat?
A: Sant Feliu de Llobregat is a municipality of 45,439 people (2021).

Q: What is Lula (footballer, born 1946)?
A: Luís Ribeiro Pinto Neto (November 16, 1946 &ndash; February 11, 2022), best known as Lula, was a Brazilian footballer.

Q: What is Pole of attraction?
A: "Pole of Attraction" is the second studio album by Ukrainian singer Tina Karol, released on December 25, 2007 by Astra Records.

Q: What is Kentaro Sato?
A: Kentaro Sato (佐藤 賢太郎 Satō Kentarō, born 12 May 1981), aka Ken-P, is a composer and conductor of media music and concert music.

Q: What is Le Bignon-du-Maine?
A: Le Bignon-du-Maine is a commune in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in northwest France.

Q: What is Uncle Buck?
A: Uncle Buck is a 1989 American comedy-drama movie.

Q: What is Agra?
A: is in Agra Agra is a city in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, India.

Q: What is Oregon Trail?
A: People traveled along the Oregon Trail during the 19th century in order to settle new parts of the United States of America.

Q: What is Monster (disambiguation)?
A: A monster is often a type of creature.

Q: What is Clionoidea?
A: Clionoidea is a group of molluscs.

Q: What is Géza Varasdi?
A: Géza Varasdi (6 February 1928 – May 2022) was a Hungarian athlete.

Q: What is Mopti bus massacre?
A: A massacre occurred on December 3, 2021, in Mopti Region in central Mali.

Q: What is Marizanne Kapp?
A: Marizanne Kapp is a cricketer from South Africa.

Q: What is Irving Petlin?
A: Irving Petlin (December 17, 1934 – September 1, 2018) was an American artist and painter.

Q: What is Claudius James Erskine?
A: Claudius James Erskine (20 May 1821–6 June 1893) was a British civil servant, judge, educator, and orientalist.

Q: What is Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – high jump?
A: The high jump event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the qualification and final being held on 7 September 1930.

Q: What is Torteval-Quesnay?
A: Torteval-Quesnay is a former commune.

Q: What is Manchester, Michigan?
A: Manchester is a village in Manchester Township within Washtenaw County in the U.S.

Q: What is Roland Bejko?
A: Roland Bejko (born 9 May 1962) is an Albanian politician, lecturer, and political commentator.

Q: What is Trojany, Masovian Voivodeship?
A: Trojany is a village in Poland in Masovian Voivodeship.

Q: What is Maen al Qatamin?
A: Maen Mardi Abdullah Al Qatamin (August 1, 1968 -) is a Jordanian politician, economist and academic.

Q: What is Salsa macha?
A: Salsa macha is a Mexican spicy condiment typically made of vegetable oil, dried chilies, garlic and salt.

Q: What is Stewart Stevenson?
A: James Alexander Stewart Stevenson (born 15 October 1946) is a Scottish politician who served as Minister for Transport, Infrastructure and Climate Change from 2007 to 2010 and Minister for Environment and Climate Change from 2011 to 2012.

Q: What is Kim Källström?
A: Kim Källström (born 24 August 1982) is a Swedish football player.

Q: What is Sparkling wine?
A: Sparkling wine is the name for a number of wines which have a lot of carbon dioxide in them.

Q: What is Theloderma asperum?
A: The Malaya pied warted tree frog, hill garden bug-eyed frog, Larut bug-eyed tree frog, or pied warty tree frog (Theloderma asperum) is a frog.

Q: What is Jeffrey Buttle?
A: Jeffrey Buttle (born September 1, 1982) is a figure skater from Canada.

Q: What is Palaeoarchaean?
A: The Palaeoarchaean (Paleoarchean) is the second Greek word palaios.

Q: What is Nidhhi Agerwal?
A: Nidhhi Agerwal (born 17 August 1992/1993) is an Indian actress and dancer.

Q: What is Valtajeros?
A: Valtajeros is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Q: What is Ranoidea?
A: The Ranoidea are a superfamily of frogs in the order Anura.

Q: What is Jorge Hugo Fernández?
A: Jorge Hugo Fernández (born 24 February 1942) is a retired footballer from Argentina.

Q: What is Jai Singh Kanhaiya?
A: Jai Singh Kanhaiya (1712–1793) was a prominent Sikh leader and founder of the Kanhaiya Misl, one of the 12 Sikh confederacies that emerged in the 18th century.

Q: What is Ubaye-Serre-Ponçon?
A: Ubaye-Serre-Ponçon is a commune in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, southeastern France.

Q: What is The World According to Garp (movie)?
A: The World According to Garp is 1982 American comedy drama movie directed by George Roy Hill, based on the novel of the same title by John Irving, who co-wrote the script with Steve Tesich.

Q: What is Brazilian heart-tongued frog?
A: The Brazilian heart-tongued frog (Phyllodytes kautskyi) is a frog.

Q: What is Panama (song)?
A: "Panama" is a 1984 song by hard rock band Van Halen and is the third single from their sixth studio album 1984.

Q: What is Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa?
A: Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa (Japanese: 田川 洋行, Tagawa Hiroyuki; September 27, 1950 &ndash; December 4, 2025) was a Japanese American actor, movie producer and martial artist.

Q: What is Mike Gray?
A: Michael "Mike" Gray (October 26, 1935 &ndash; April 30, 2013) was an American writer, screenwriter, activist, cinematographer, movie producer and director.

Q: What is University of Dubrovnik?
A: The University of Dubrovnik is a public university in Dubrovnik, Croatia.

Q: What is Italian Plague of 1629-1631?
A: The Italian Plague of 1629-1631 was a group times when many people in northern Italy caught bubonic plague from 1629 to 1631.

Q: What is Los Angeles Olympics?
A: Los Angeles Olympics can mean: * 1932 Summer Olympics, games of the X Olympiad * 1984 Summer Olympics, games of the XXIII Olympiad * 2028 Summer Olympics, games of the XXXVII Olympiad.

Q: What is Russians (song)?
A: "Russians" is a 1985 song by Sting and is the fourth single from their debut studio album The Dream of the Blue Turtles.

Q: What is Preemptive war?
A: A preemptive war is one in which a country takes military action against another country or group that poses a real ancient Chinese general, military moral act and avoid the label of an Aggression.

Q: What is Israel Folau?
A: Isileli "Israel" Folau (born 3 April 1989) is an Australian professional rugby player.

Q: What is Pathfinder (1987 movie)?
A: Pathfinder (original title in Sami: Ofelaš and in Norwegian: Veiviseren) is a 1987 Norwegian action adventure movie directed by Nils Gaup and stars Mikkel Gaup, Nils Utsi, Sara Marit Gaup, Inger Utsi, Helgi Skúlason.

Q: What is Forsbacka IK?
A: Forsbacka IK is a sports club in Forsbacka in Sweden.

Q: What is Leona Farris?
A: Leona Wright Farris (August 11, 1917 – February 27, 2022) was an American educator.

Q: What is Kamalolmolk?
A: Kamalolmolk () is a 1984 Iranian drama movie directed by Ali Hatami and starring Jamshid Mashayekhi, Ezzatolah Entezami, Ali Nassirian, Davoud Rashidi, Mohammad Ali Keshavarz.

Q: What is Gangsta Boo?
A: Lola Chantrelle Mitchell (August 7, 1979 – January 1, 2023), better known as Gangsta Boo, was an American rapper.

Q: What is Somerset MRT station?
A: Somerset MRT Station (NS23) is an underground station on the North South Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Orchard planning area, Singapore.

Q: What is Jack Tynan?
A: John Christopher Tynan (5 December 1925 &ndash; 23 August 2020) was a field hockey player and cricketer from New Zealand.

Q: What is Albert Sidney Johnston?
A: Albert Sidney Johnston (February 2, 1803 – April 6, 1862) was a Confedeate general during the American Civil War.

Q: What is Tonya Harding?
A: Tonya Harding (born November 12, 1970) is an American former figure skater and boxer.

Q: What is Crest of a Knave?
A: Crest of a Knave is the seventeenth studio album by Jethro Tull.

Q: What is Wopke Eekhoff?
A: Wopke Eekhoff (March 2, 1809 – February 12, 1809) was a Dutch author.

Q: What is Cavapoo?
A: The Cavapoo is a dog mixed-dog breed between two dogs: the Poodle and the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.

Q: What is Hill Street Blues?
A: Hill Street Blues is an American serial crime drama television series that aired on NBC from January 15, 1981 to May 12, 1987.

Q: What is Constantin Chiru?
A: Constantin Chiru is a weightlifter from Romania.

Q: What is Dera Bughti District?
A: Dera Bugti is a district in the southwest of Balochistan province of Pakistan.

Q: What is Pasteurella multocida?
A: Pasteurella multocida is a gram-negative, non-motile coccobacillus that is penicillin-sensitive.

Q: What is Doraemon?
A: Nobita's Dinosaur: Doraemon: Nobita's Dinosaur is a 1980 Japanese animated movie.

Q: What is Bulandi (1990 movie)?
A: Bulandi () is a 1990 Pakistani Urdu movie.

Q: What is Webster County, Missouri?
A: Webster County is a county in Missouri, United States.

Q: What is MGM Home Entertainment?
A: MGM Home Entertainment is a home entertainment company formed in 1998 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was the successor to MGM/UA Home Video.

Q: What is Sant Jaume de Frontanyà?
A: Sant Jaume de Frontanyà is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Q: What is Raul Fernández Arrizabalaga?
A: Raul Fernandez Arrizabalaga (born January 13, 1972 in Luarca) is a cyclist and judo athlete from Spain.

Q: What is Morocco national football team?
A: Morocco national football team is the national football team of Morocco.

Q: What is François Geindre?
A: François Geindre (5 February 1946 &ndash; 2 January 2023) was a French politician for the Socialist Party.

Q: What is Aedes aegypti?
A: Aedes aegypti, also called yellow fever mosquito, is a mosquito that can spread the dengue fever, chikungunya and yellow fever viruses, and other diseases.

Q: What is Oil spill?
A: at an oil spill An oil spill is the release of a liquid petroleum hydrocarbon into the environment.

Q: What is The Cat Returns?
A: The Cat Returns is a 2002 Japanese fantasy adventure movie.

Q: What is Julian Castro?
A: Julián Castro ( , ; (born September 16, 1974) is an American politician.

Q: What is Bengt-Erik Grahn?
A: Bengt-Erik Grahn (30 April 1941 – 21 November 2019) was a Swedish alpine skier.

Q: What is Bagh-e-Jinnah?
A: Bagh-e-Jinnah (used to be called Lawrence Gardens) is a large park in Lahore, Pakistan.

Q: What is Resting potential?
A: The resting potential of a cell is the membrane potential that would be maintained if there were no action potentials, synaptic potentials, or other active changes in the membrane potential.

Q: What is Bavaria Party?
A: The Bavaria Party (BP) is a political party in the state of Bavaria of southern Germany.

Q: What is Sils?
A: Sils can mean: *Sils, Girona, a municipality in the comarca of Selva in Catalonia, Spain *Sils im Engadin/Segl, a municipality in the Upper Engadine in the Graubünden, Switzerland **Lake Sils, a lake in the Upper Engadine in the Graubünden, Switzerland *Sils im Domleschg, a municipality in the Graubünden, Switzerland.

Q: What is Mini Metro (video game)?
A: Mini Metro is a strategy simulation video game.

Q: What is Polish cuisine?
A: Polish cuisine is a style of food preparation originating in and widely popular in Poland.

Q: What is Tulkarm Governorate?
A: The Tulkarm Governorate is a province of the Palestinian National Authority.

Q: What is Gomer, Pyrénées-Atlantiques?
A: Gomer, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Thanksgiving of Horror?
A: "Thanksgiving of Horror" is the 8th episode of the 31st season of The Simpsons.

Q: What is Ebenthal in Kärnten?
A: Ebenthal in Kärnten () is a market town of the district Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Q: What is Bionic?
A: Bionic is the sixth studio album by American pop singer Christina Aguilera, released on June 4, 2010.

Q: What is Chris Mitchell?
A: Christopher Philip Mitchell (21 July 1988 &ndash; 6 May 2016) was a Scottish professional footballer.

Q: What is Northamptonshire?
A: Northamptonshire (abbreviated Northants or N'hants) is a county in central England with a population of 629,676 (2001 census).

Q: What is Dynasties in Chinese history?
A: Many Chinese dynasties have ruled the country during its history.

Q: What is Human cloning?
A: Human cloning is the creation of a human being, human cell, or human tissue taken from another human.

Q: What is Julio Cesar?
A: Julio César and Júlio César are the terms for Julius Caesar in Spanish and Portuguese languages respectively.

Q: What is Progressive rock?
A: Progressive rock is a type of rock music with complicated musical technique and composition.

Q: What is Dordrecht Confession of Faith?
A: The Dordrecht Confession of Faith is a statement of faith that was created by Dutch Mennonite leaders at a meeting (also known as a Synod) in Dordrecht, Netherlands, on April 21, 1632.

Q: What is In the Rear of the Enemy?
A: In the Rear of the Enemy () is a 1941 Soviet war movie directed by Yevgeni Shneider.

Q: What is Lambeau Field?
A: Lambeau Field is a sports stadium in Green Bay, Wisconsin.

Q: What is Charles X?
A: Charles X (9 October 1757 – 6 November 1836) was King of France and Navarre from 1824 to 1830.

Q: What is Christoph von Dohnányi?
A: Christoph von Dohnányi (; 8 September 1929 – 6 September 2025) was a German conductor.

Q: What is Dantumadiel?
A: Dantumadiel is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland.

Q: What is Acrobatics?
A: Acrobatics ( — climb upward) is usually understood as * a kind of physical exercises; * a kind of performing arts; * a sport.

Q: What is Budj Bim?
A: Budj Bim, also called Mount Eccles, is a dormant volcano near Macarthur in southwestern Victoria (Australia).

Q: What is South Tottenham railway station?
A: South Tottenham is a Suffragette line station on the London Overground on High Road (A10).

Q: What is FIS (company)?
A: Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

Q: What is György Bálint?
A: György Bálint (28 July 1919 &ndash; 21 June 2020) was a Hungarian politician and horticulturist.

Q: What is Campo Grande, Rio Grande do Norte?
A: Campo Grande, formerly Augusto Severo is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast Region, Brazil.

Q: What is Pirkkala?
A: Pirkkala is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland.

Q: What is Hanover, Virginia?
A: Hanover is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S.

Q: What is Viljandi County?
A: Viljandi County is a county in Estonia.

Q: What is Calgary?
A: Calgary is the biggest city in Alberta, Canada, with 1,300,000 people living in it, as of 2021.

Q: What is Spiritual (music)?
A: Spirituals (or Negro spirituals) are the songs which were sung by the black slaves in the United States in the 18th and 19th centuries.

Q: What is Conscription?
A: Conscription, also called draft, is when a government forces people to enlist in the army or other military service.

Q: What is Plantation Key?
A: Plantation Key is an island in Monroe County, Florida, United States.

Q: What is Saint-Jean-du-Bois?
A: Saint-Jean-du-Bois is a commune.

Q: What is Barry White?
A: Barry Eugene White (born September 12, 1944 – died July 4, 2003) was an American soul singer, arranger and songwriter.

Q: What is SANAE IV?
A: SANAE IV is a research station in Antarctica.

Q: What is David Morgenthaler?
A: David Turner Morgenthaler (August 5, 1919 &ndash; June 17, 2016) was an American businessman and capitalist.

Q: What is Judgment at Nuremberg?
A: Judgment at Nuremberg is a 1961 American drama movie directed by Stanley Kramer.

Q: What is NGC 708?
A: NGC 708 is an elliptical galaxy in the Andromeda constellation.

Q: What is Urho Kekkonen?
A: Urho Kaleva Kekkonen (; 3 September 1900 – 31 August 1986), often referred to by his initials UKK, was the President of Finland between 1956 and 1982.

Q: What is Cryptographic anchor?
A: A cryptographic anchor (also "crypto-anchor") is a unique identifier (or "fingerprint") that can be put into products and cannot be removed or changed.

Q: What is 111 West 57th Street?
A: 111 West 57th Street, also known as the Steinway Tower, is a building developed by JDS Development Group and Property Markets Group in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.

Q: What is Farmers to Families Food Box?
A: The Farmers to Families Food Box program was set up by the United States government during the COVID-19 pandemic to help get fresh food from farmers to consumers.

Q: What is Sudhir Chakraborty?
A: Sudhir Chakravarti (19 September 1934 – 15 December 2020) was an Indian anthropologist and essayist.

Q: What is 349 (number)?
A: 349 is the natural number following 348 and preceding 350.

Q: What is Beautiful Life (song)?
A: "Beautiful Life" is a song recorded by Swedish pop group Ace of Base.

Q: What is Oriental Orthodoxy?
A: Oriental Orthodoxy is a group of six Eastern Christian Churches that accept only the first three ecumenical councils (the First Council of Nicaea, the First Council of Constantinople and the Council of Ephesus).

Q: What is William P. Baker?
A: William Pond Baker (born June 14, 1940) is an American politician and businessman.

Q: What is Leonel Fernández?
A: Leonel Antonio Fernández Reyna () (born December 26, 1953) is a Dominican lawyer, academic, and politician.

Q: What is Jürgen Roth?
A: Jürgen Roth (4 November 1945 – 28 September 2017) was a German publicist and investigative journalist.

Q: What is Warren Magnuson?
A: Warren Grant "Maggie" Magnuson (April 12, 1905 &ndash; May 20, 1989) was an American lawyer and politician.

Q: What is Die Frau vom Checkpoint Charlie?
A: Die Frau vom Checkpoint Charlie (English: The Woman of Checkpoint Charlie) is a movie in two parts about a woman who manages to escape to the west from the German Democratic Republic (East Germany), but is separated from her children.

Q: What is Nichiren?
A: (1798-1861) (1839-1892) Nichiren (16 February 1222 - 13 October 1282) was a Buddhist priest who lived in Japan.

Q: What is Bud Poile?
A: Norman Robert "Bud" Poile (February 10, 1924 – January 4, 2005) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player, coach, general manager, and league executive.

Q: What is Spiekeroog?
A: Spiekeroog is one of the East Frisian Islands, off the North Sea coast of Germany.

Q: What is 2024 Ecuadorian conflict?
A: On 9 January 2024, an armed conflict broke out in Ecuador surrounding the country's government against several organized crime groups and drug traffickers.

Q: What is Valence-en-Brie?
A: :This article is about a village near Melun.

Q: What is Jack Hansen?
A: Jack Hansen is a retired footballer from Denmark.

Q: What is Charlotte, Princess Royal?
A: The Princess Charlotte, Princess Royal (Charlotte Augusta Matilda; later Queen Charlotte of Württemberg; 29 September 1766 – 5 October 1828) was the fourth child and oldest daughter of George III of the United Kingdom.She married Frederick of Württemberg on 27 May 1798.

Q: What is Musical improvisation?
A: ; musicians learn progressions using scale and chord tones (Pictured is Johnny Hodges) Musical improvisation is when musicians play a tune which does not exist yet.

Q: What is Sarcohyla bistincta?
A: The Mexican fringe-limbed tree frog or Cope's streamside tree frog (Sarcohyla bistincta) is a frog that lives in Mexico.

Q: What is Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom?
A: Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom is a British children’s animated TV show.

Q: What is Greatest Hits?
A: Straight Up!: Greatest Hits: Straight Up! is a greatest hits album by American singer and dancer Paula Abdul.

Q: What is Qatari passport?
A: The Qatari passport (Arabic: جواز السفر القطري) is a passport document issued to citizens of Qatar for international travel.

Q: What is Reunified Fourth International?
A: The Reunified Fourth International is a Trotskyist international organization that emerged from efforts to consolidate various factions of the Fourth International, originally founded by Leon Trotsky in 1938.

Q: What is Eiji?
A: is a common masculine Japanese given name.

Q: What is Zedd?
A: Anton Zaslavski (born 2 September 1989), better known by his stage name Zedd, is a Russian-born German DJ, songwriter, and record producer.

Q: What is Banks Peninsula (New Zealand electorate)?
A: Banks Peninsula is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Q: What is National Democratic Front of Bodoland?
A: The National Democratic Front of Bodoland, also known as NDFB or the Bodo Security Force, is an militant group in Assam, India.

Q: What is Power Ring (character)?
A: Power Ring is the name of several characters from the DC Comics universe, typically associated with the Green Lantern Corps.

Q: What is Australian raven?
A: The Australian raven (Corvus coronoides) is a bird found in Australia.

Q: What is Brampton, Carlisle?
A: Brampton is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England.

Q: What is Controlled Substances Act?
A: The Controlled Substances Act (CSA) is a United States federal law.

Q: What is Georgie Henley?
A: Georgina"Georgie" Helen Henley (born 9 July 1995) is an English child actress.

Q: What is Osman, Iran?
A: Osman is a village in the Qaleh Shahin Rural District, in the Central District (Sarpol-e Zahab County), Kermanshah Province, Iran.

Q: What is Flag of Formentera?
A: The flag of Formentera () It is colored white flag with a red canton on the left.

Q: What is Edward Scissorhands?
A: Edward Scissorhands is a 1990 American romantic fantasy movie directed by Tim Burton.

Q: What is Priscilla Chan (philanthropist)?
A: Priscilla Chan is a pediatrician and philanthropist.

Q: What is Jaime Blanco García?
A: Jaime Blanco García (1 May 194424 September 2020) was a Spanish politician.

Q: What is Bietschhorn?
A: The Bietschhorn is a mountain in the Bernese Alps, on the border between the cantons of Berne and Valais.

Q: What is Michel Fourniret?
A: Michel Fourniret (4 April 1942 in Sedan &ndash; 10 May 2021 in Paris) was a French criminal.

Q: What is Esch-sur-Alzette?
A: Esch-sur-Alzette ( , or Esch an der Alzig, ) is a commune with city status in south-western Luxembourg, capital of the canton Esch-sur-Alzette.

Q: What is Charadrahyla chaneque?
A: The fairy tree frog (Charadrahyla chaneque) is a frog that lives in Mexico.

Q: What is Urbain Braems?
A: Urbain Braems (10 November 1933 – 9 September 2021) was a Belgian footballer and manager.

Q: What is Webster County, Kentucky?
A: Webster County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Henny Moan?
A: Henny Moan (22 February 1936 — 8 September 2024) was a Norwegian actress.

Q: What is KCPQ?
A: KCPQ (channel 13) is the Fox owned television station in Tacoma, Washington serving the Seattle television market.

Q: What is Agha Bozorg Mosque?
A: Agha Bozorg Mosque (Persian: مسجد آقا بزرگ, Masjed-e Āghā Bozorg) is a historic mosque in the city of Kashan, Iran.

Q: What is Lumen (unit)?
A: The lumen (symbol: lm) is the SI derived unit for brightness.

Q: What is Lieli, Switzerland?
A: Lieli is a village and former municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Q: What is Viaduct?
A: in Ayrshire – the oldest surviving railway bridge in Scotland in Riverside, California, built in 1903 A viaduct is a bridge composed of several small spans.

Q: What is Pixote?
A: Pixote: a Lei do Mais Franco (, lit.

Q: What is The Rifleman?
A: The Rifleman is an American western television series that aired on ABC from September 30, 1958 to April 8, 1963 for 5 seasons and 168 episodes.

Q: What is Emilia Rydberg?
A: Emilia Rydberg, also known as Emilia Mitiku or more simply Emilia (born 5 January 1978, Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish pop and soul singer, mostly known for her worldwide hit single, "Big Big World (song).

Q: What is Melina Perez?
A: Melina Nava Pérez (born March 9, 1979; ring name Melina) is an American professional wrestler and manager.

Q: What is San Gabriel Mountains?
A: The San Gabriel Mountains are a mountain range in southern California, in the United States.

Q: What is G1 Climax?
A: The G1 Climax is a tournament held by New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

Q: What is Benguet?
A: Benguet (; Ibaloi: Probinsya ne Benguet; ; ; ) is a province of the Philippines located in the southern tip of the Cordillera Administrative Region in the island of Luzon.

Q: What is Kuniya Daini?
A: is a former Japanese football player.

Q: What is Petronas Philharmonic Hall?
A: The Petronas Philharmonic Hall is Malaysia's first concert hall for classical music.

Q: What is Essunga Municipality?
A: Essunga Municipality () is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in southern Sweden.

Q: What is Pop melayu?
A: Pop Melayu (Malay pop) is a pop rock genre influenced by Malay traditions in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore.

Q: What is Scenes of Bohemian Life?
A: Scènes de la vie de bohème (Scenes from the Bohemian Life) is a book by Henri Murger.

Q: What is Mont-sur-Rolle?
A: Mont-sur-Rolle is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Szarlota Pawel?
A: Eugenia Szarlota Pawel-Kroll (1947 – 7 September 2018) was a Polish Comic book creator Pawel died of colorectal cancer on 7 September 2018 in Warsaw at the age of 71.

Q: What is Kittitas County, Washington?
A: Kittitas County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Pornography addiction?
A: Pornography addiction means someone is addicted to viewing porn.

Q: What is Dom DiMaggio?
A: Dom DiMaggio was a Major League Baseball player.

Q: What is Niedersimmental District?
A: The district of Niedersimmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 9 municipalities in an area of 306 km².

Q: What is Domino's Pizza?
A: Domino's Pizza is a pizza restaurant chain founded in the United States.

Q: What is Lía Bermúdez?
A: Lía Bermúdez (August 4, 1930 &ndash; October 22, 2021) was a Venezuelan sculptor.

Q: What is Valverde, Lombardy?
A: Valverde was a comune in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Q: What is Piermont, Louisiana?
A: Piermont is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Vince Neil?
A: Vincent Neil Wharton (born February 8, 1961 in Hollywood, California) is an American musician.

Q: What is Sonia Silvestre?
A: Sonia Margarita Silvestre Ortiz (16 August 1952 &ndash; 19 April 2014) was a Dominican singer and announcer.

Q: What is Moral equivalence?
A: Moral equivalence is a term used in political arguments or debate.

Q: What is Khadim Hussain Rizvi?
A: Khadim Hussain Rizvi (; 22 May 1966 – 19 November 2020) was a Pakistani far right radical preacher.

Q: What is Eduardo Angeloz?
A: Eduardo César Angeloz (October 18, 1931 – August 23, 2017) was an Argentine politician.

Q: What is Home to You?
A: Home to You is the sixth studio album by John Michael Montgomery.

Q: What is Rockingham, Western Australia?
A: Rockingham is a coastal suburb in the city of Perth, Western Australia.

Q: What is George Houvardas?
A: George Houvardas (born 1982) is an Australian actor.

Q: What is Amélie Nothomb?
A: Amélie Nothomb (born Fabienne-Claire on 9 July 1966) is a Belgian writer who writes in French.

Q: What is Pommerieux?
A: Pommerieux is a commune of 589 people (1999).

Q: What is Lynlee Smith?
A: Lynlee Smith (born 13 September 1987 and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

Q: What is Borne, Netherlands?
A: Borne is a municipality and town in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands.

Q: What is Excited state?
A: When an electron is transferred from its ground state to other upper energy levels (called excited state of an electron) by providing heat enthalpy then the atom is said to be in excited state.

Q: What is American Solidarity Party?
A: The American Solidarity Party (ASP) is a Brian Carroll was the party’s nominee in the 2020 presidential election.

Q: What is Zheng He?
A: Zheng He or Ma He is en (Chinese 郑和; 1371–1433) was an explorer, diplomat, and admiral from China.

Q: What is Abdoul Aziz Mbaye?
A: Abdoul Aziz Mbaye (18 October 1954 – 3 February 2021) was a Senegalese politician.

Q: What is Park Min-jae?
A: Park Min-jae (Korean: 박민재; 25 June 1992 – 29 November 2024) was a South Korean Korean drama actor.

Q: What is Theodor Wagner?
A: Theodor Wagner (6 August 1927 – 21 January 2020) was an Austrian footballer.

Q: What is Turne Lajara?
A: Saturnino Javier Lajara, simply better known as Turne Lajara, is a currently Filipino politician for the City Councilor of Calamba.

Q: What is Merino Muster?
A: The Merino Muster is a cross-country skiing marathon on the South Island of New Zealand.

Q: What is Serial Experiments Lain (video game)?
A: Serial Experiments Lain is a PlayStation game, based on Serial Experiments Lain.

Q: What is Hear My Song?
A: Hear My Song is a 1991 Irish British comedy movie directed by first time director Peter Chelsom and starring Ned Beatty, Adrian Dunbar, Tara Fitzgerald, David McCallum, Shirley Anne Field, James Nesbitt, John Dair.

Q: What is Vishnu Raj Atreya?
A: Vishnu Raj Atreya (; 10 November 1944 – 18 July 2020) was a Nepali writer and poet.

Q: What is Philip Martin Brown?
A: Philip Martin Brown (born 9 July 1956) is an English actor.

Q: What is Nataliya Pipa?
A: Nataliya Pipa (born October 12, 1983, Lviv) is the People's Deputy of Ukraine of the IX convocation from the party Holos (Ukrainian language.

Q: What is Cottens, Vaud?
A: Cottens was a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Sune Bergström?
A: Karl Sune Detlof Bergström (10 January 1916 &ndash; 15 August 2004) was a Swedish biochemist.

Q: What is Johnny Leeze?
A: Johnny Leeze (born John Glen; 31 December 1941 – 25 October 2020) was a British actor.

Q: What is Laboratory for analysis and architecture of systems?
A: The Laboratory for Analysis and Architecture of Systems (Laboratoire d'Analyse et d'Architecture des Systèmes), LAAS, is one of the big research laboratories of the French National Center for Scientific Research (Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique, CNRS) in Toulouse, France, and is usually named LAAS-CNRS.

Q: What is Virginia Leith?
A: Virginia Leith (October 15, 1925 – November 4, 2019) was an American actress.

Q: What is Small Dark Spot?
A: The Small Dark Spot, sometimes also called Dark Spot 2 or The Wizard's Eye, was a southern cyclonic storm on the planet Neptune.

Q: What is Roméo et Juliette?
A: Roméo et Juliette is a French opera in five acts by Charles Gounod, first performed in Paris, on April 27, 1867, libretto by Jules Barbier et Michel Carré, after Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.

Q: What is Lodovico Giustini?
A: Lodovico Giustini (12 December 1685 7 February 1743) was an Italian composer, harpsichordist and organist.

Q: What is Zinder Region?
A: Zinder Region is one of the seven regions of Niger.

Q: What is Darwin Hindman?
A: Darwin Hindman (April 30, 1933 – June 17, 2019) was an American politician and lawyer.

Q: What is Stockton, California?
A: Stockton is a city in northern California.

Q: What is Slighting?
A: Slighting is the deliberate damage of an important building.

Q: What is Permanent Committee on Geographical Names?
A: The Permanent Committee on Geographical Names (PCGN) is an independent government agency in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is All-Palestine Government?
A: The All-Palestine Government was established on 22 September 1948, during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, to govern the Egyptian-controlled territory in Gaza.

Q: What is Der Dativ ist dem Genitiv sein Tod?
A: Der Dativ ist dem Genitv sein Tod (German: the dative case is the genitive case's death) is a book series written by Bastian Sick which deals with doubtful cases of grammar, orthography, and punctuation.

Q: What is Dick Helling?
A: Dick Helling (22 September 1950 – 30 December 2018) was a Dutch professional footballer who played as a midfielder.

Q: What is Daishiro Yoshimura?
A: (former name; Nelson Yoshimura, ネルソン 吉村) was a Japanese football player.

Q: What is Operation Lam Son 719?
A: Operation Lam Son 719 was a South Vietnamese military operation where South Vietnam, with United States support, attempted to disrupt the Ho Chi Minh Trail in Laos.

Q: What is George O'Hanlon?
A: George O'Hanlon (November 23, 1912&nbsp;– February 11, 1989) was an American movie and voice actor, comedian and TV writer.

Q: What is Mortimer L. Downey?
A: Mortimer Leo Downey, III (August 9, 1936 – November 2, 2023) was the U.S.

Q: What is Gerzensee (disambiguation)?
A: Gerzensee can mean: * Gerzensee, a municipality in the canton of Berne, Switzerland * Gerzensee (lake), a lake in the canton of Berne, Switzerland.

Q: What is Second Boer War?
A: The Second Boer War (, or Tweede Boereoorlog) was a war.

Q: What is Elissa?
A: Elissar Zakaria Khoury () was born on October 27, 1971 in Deir el Ahmar, Lebanon.

Q: What is Western Australia?
A: Western Australia is one of the eight states and territories of Australia.

Q: What is Hoosiers?
A: Hoosiers is a 1986 sports movie about a high school basketball team from a small town in Indiana that wins their state championship.

Q: What is Doug Mohns?
A: Douglas Allen "Diesel" Mohns (December 13, 1933 – February 7, 2014) was a Canadian-born American professional ice hockey player.

Q: What is Police brutality?
A: Police brutality is when police use too much force against people when they do not need to.

Q: What is São Francisco River?
A: The São Francisco River is a river in Brazil.

Q: What is Greifswald?
A: Greifswald () is officially known as Universitäts- und Hansestadt Greifswald, which means University and Hanseatic Town of Greifswald (from German Greif, "griffin", and Wald, "forest").

Q: What is Jeju-do?
A: :This article is about the province.

Q: What is Girijashankar Sundaresan?
A: Girijashankar Sundaresan is an Indian Carnatic music vocalist based in Chennai.

Q: What is Stop and Stare?
A: "Stop and Stare" is the second single by pop rock band OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells, from their debut album Dreaming Out Loud.

Q: What is Elaine Stritch?
A: Elaine Stritch (February 2, 1925 &ndash; July 17, 2014) was an American actress and vocalist.

Q: What is NA?
A: ‘’’NA’’’can mean: *The chemical symbol for Sodium *N/A for ‘not applicable’ *North America a continent by abbreviation.

Q: What is List of galaxies?
A: List of galaxies and galaxy clusters.

Q: What is Only Jesus?
A: Only Jesus is the eighth studio album by Casting Crowns.

Q: What is Höxter?
A: Höxter is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Q: What is Large Zenith Telescope?
A: The Large Zenith Telescope (LZT) is a 6.0 metre diameter telescope.

Q: What is Gothic novel?
A: The Gothic novel is a genre of literature that combines elements of both horror and romance, typically featuring haunted settings, supernatural events, and an atmosphere of mystery and suspense.

Q: What is Cavalry?
A: Historically, cavalry have been soldiers who fought while riding horses.

Q: What is Rangpur, Assam?
A: Rangpur was among the few capitals of the Ahom Kingdom.

Q: What is List of goaltenders who have scored a goal in an NHL game?
A: There have been fourteen goaltenders who have scored a goal in a National Hockey League (NHL) game.

Q: What is Bellator MMA?
A: Bellator MMA (formally Bellator Fighting Championships) is an American Mixed Martial Arts promotion based in Santa Monica, California.

Q: What is Jonathan Ross?
A: Jonathan Stephen Ross OBE (born 17 November 1960) is a British television and radio presenter.

Q: What is Otis Davis?
A: Otis Crandall Davis (July 12, 1932 &ndash; September 14, 2024) was an American athlete.

Q: What is KLAF-LD?
A: KLAF-LD (channel 14) is a low-power television station in Lafayette, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Masahito, Prince Hitachi?
A: is a member of the Imperial House of Japan and the younger brother of Emperor Akihito.

Q: What is Bolton?
A: Bolton (called Bolton le moors in the past) is a town in the North West of England.

Q: What is Cheltenham Ladies' College?
A: Cheltenham Ladies' College is an English independent Public school for girls in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.

Q: What is Sir Bors the Younger?
A: Sir Bors the Younger is a legendary character in the King Arthur stories.

Q: What is Rochester Americans?
A: The Rochester Americans are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1956.

Q: What is Cinderella (1947 movie)?
A: Cinderella () is a 1947 Soviet movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Mikhail Shapiro.

Q: What is Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer?
A: The shadow chancellor of the exchequer is the member of the Shadow Cabinet who is responsible for shadowing the chancellor of the exchequer.

Q: What is Diego Costa?
A: Diego da Silva Costa (born 7 October 1988) is a Brazilian-Spanish footballer who plays as a striker for Grêmio and the Spanish national football team.

Q: What is Vannevar Bush?
A: Vannevar Bush ( ; March 11, 1890&nbsp;– June 28, 1974) was an American engineer, inventor and science administrator.

Q: What is Thesis statement?
A: In an essay or research paper, a thesis statement is a statement at the start or the end of an introduction that shows the reader the argument of the essay.

Q: What is Flag of the president of the United States?
A: The flag of the president of the United States consists of the presidential coat of arms on a dark blue background.

Q: What is Emma's Theatre?
A: Emma's Theatre is an animated children's television series.

Q: What is Freedom from Fear (painting)?
A: Freedom from Fear is a painting of Norman Rockwell and is one of his series of four paintings called the Four Freedoms.

Q: What is Roaring Spring, Pennsylvania?
A: Roaring Spring is a borough in Blair County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Q: What is Sonic Adventure?
A: Sonic Adventure is a video game from the Sonic the Hedgehog series.

Q: What is Shadows (1953 movie)?
A: Shadows () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Nikolay Akimov.

Q: What is Judgment?
A: The word judgment (also spelled judgement) means making a decision carefully, after studying and comparing all evidence that is available.

Q: What is Breton National Party?
A: The Breton National Party (PNB; in Breton: Strollad Broadel Breizh) was a nationalist political party in Brittany from 1931 to 1944.

Q: What is Durefishan Saleem?
A: Durefishan Saleem is a Pakistani actress of Punjabi descent who appears on Urdu television.

Q: What is Honeyguide?
A: Honeyguides (family Indicatoridae) are near-passerine birds of the order Piciformes.

Q: What is Songmaster?
A: Songmaster (1980) is a science fiction book by Orson Scott Card.

Q: What is Portuguese Angola?
A: Portuguese Angola was a territory under Portuguese rule in southwestern Africa until the Angolan War of Independence.

Q: What is Dryophytes gratiosus?
A: The barking tree frog, Florida hyla, Florida tree frog, Georgia tree frog, bell-frog, or giant tree frog (Dryophytes gratiosus) is a frog that lives in the southeastern United States.

Q: What is Matt Bonner?
A: Matthew Robert Bonner (born April 5, 1980) is an American professional basketball player with the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Q: What is Sid and Nancy?
A: Sid and Nancy is a 1986 British movie about the life of the Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious.

Q: What is 2020 United States Senate election in South Dakota?
A: An election happened on November 3, 2020, to elect a Senator from the U.S.

Q: What is McStroke?
A: "McStroke" is the 8th episode of Family Guys 6th season.

Q: What is Beret?
A: private wearing a beret A beret is a soft, round type of hat.

Q: What is The Ant Bully?
A: The Ant Bully is a 2006 American computer-animated adventure fantasy comedy movie written, edited and directed by Rich Moore And Eric Darnell And Executive Produced For BBC By: Mike Mitchell, Joe Johnston, and Kathleen Branagh based on the 1999 children's book The Ant Bully by John Nickle.

Q: What is Mirza?
A: Mirza ( or ; ) is a title and name of Persian origin.

Q: What is Edward Ashmore?
A: Admiral of the Fleet Sir Edward Beckwith Ashmore (11 December 1919 &ndash; 28 April 2016) was a senior Royal Navy officer.

Q: What is Wright Pathfinder?
A: The Wright Pathfinder was a single-decker body of a bus.

Q: What is Heptahedron?
A: A heptahedron is a polyhedron that has 7 sides.

Q: What is Better Things (song)?
A: "Better Things" is a 1981 song by British band The Kinks and was taken from their 19th studio album Give the People What They Want.

Q: What is New Future Democratic Party?
A: The New Future Democratic Party is a South Korean political party formed by a group that split up from the Democratic Party led by former Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon.

Q: What is 1920s?
A: The 1920s was the decade that began on January 1, 1920 and ended on December 31, 1929.

Q: What is Roland Desné?
A: Roland Desné (24 April 1931 – 9 July 2020) was a French writer, philosopher, and historian.

Q: What is Bix?
A: BIX is a rock group from Lithuania.

Q: What is Jean-Marie Zoellé?
A: Jean-Marie Zoellé (16 November 1944 &ndash; 6 April 2020) was a French politician.

Q: What is Anne Ramsey?
A: Anne Ramsey (March 27, 1929 – August 11, 1988) was an American stage, television, and movie actress.

Q: What is Jasper County, South Carolina?
A: Jasper County is the county in the state of South Carolina, United States As of the 2020 United States Census.

Q: What is 1957–1958 influenza pandemic?
A: The 1957-58 influenza pandemic, also called Asian flu was a time when many people caught H2N2 influenza A and became sick.

Q: What is Láadan?
A: Láadan is a feminist constructed language.

Q: What is Amelyn Veloso?
A: Amelyn Jean Veloso (April 25, 1974 &ndash; September 25, 2020) She was the anchor of morning show New Day, Morning Newsroom, and public service program Serbisyo All Access.

Q: What is Emma Best (journalist)?
A: Emma Best is an American reporter and whistleblower.

Q: What is Ulm?
A: Ulm is a city in Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg.

Q: What is Yard?
A: The yard (symbol: yd) is a unit of length in the Imperial System and United States Customary Units.

Q: What is Triangular trade?
A: The triangular trade refers to trade between three ports or regions.

Q: What is Jolanta Studzienna?
A: Jolanta Studzienna (born 2 January 1977) is a Polish volleyball player and volleyball coach.

Q: What is Cytoplasmic streaming?
A: of a cell in Rhizomnium punctatum Cytoplasmic streaming is where there is flow inside the cytoplasm.

Q: What is Moondance (movie)?
A: Moondance is a 1995 Irish German British drama movie directed by Dagmar Hirtz and was based on the 1936 novel The White Hare by Francis Stuart.

Q: What is Rock dormouse?
A: The rock dormouse (Graphiurus platyops) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family.

Q: What is Grana?
A: Grana (Gra-nuh) are the thylakoid cell stacks in a chloroplast cell.

Q: What is Live Earth?
A: Live Earth was a series of concerts held on July 7, 2007.

Q: What is NGC 7538?
A: NGC 7538 is a diffuse nebula in the constellation of Cepheus.

Q: What is Koinē Greek language?
A: Koine Greek, meaning "common dialect," was the lingua franca of the eastern Mediterranean and Near East from around 300 BCE to 600 CE, flourishing during the Hellenistic, Roman, and early Byzantine periods.

Q: What is Eva-Maria Hagen?
A: Eva-Maria Hagen (; ; 19 October 1934 – 16 August 2022) was a German actress and singer.

Q: What is Yash Pal?
A: Yash Pal (26 November 1926 – 24 July 2017), also known as Yash Pal Singh, was an Indian scientist, educator and educationist.

Q: What is David Ige?
A: David Yutaka Ige (born January 15, 1957) is an American politician.

Q: What is Alan Gratz?
A: Alan Michael Gratz (born January 27, 1972) is the author of 19 novels for young adults.

Q: What is Natjav Dariimaa?
A: Natjav Dariimaa (born 19 May 1950) is a Mongolian archer.

Q: What is M240 machine gun?
A: The M240 machine gun is a type of machine gun.

Q: What is UEFA Euro 2000?
A: The 2000 UEFA European Football Championship, or Euro 2000, was the 11th UEFA European Football Championship.

Q: What is Tape?
A: Tape refers to a strip of long, thin and narrow matter, usually rolled up.

Q: What is Hercules and the Lost Kingdom?
A: Hercules and the Lost Kingdom is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo and Renee O'Connor.

Q: What is Erling Brøndum?
A: Erling Brøndum (11 July 1930 – 4 August 2017) was a Danish journalist and politician.

Q: What is Stages (song)?
A: "Stages" is a 1986 song by ZZ Top and is the second single from their ninth studio album Afterburner.

Q: What is Old Mongol?
A: Old Mongol is the hypothetical ancestor language of the modern Mongolic languages.

Q: What is Kern arc?
A: The Kern arc is a rare sky phenomena.

Q: What is Defendant?
A: A defendant is the person or group of people being taken to the court due to a lawsuit filed by a plaintiff, or claimant.

Q: What is Maria José Batista de Sales?
A: Maria José Batista de Sales is a retired handball player from Brazil.

Q: What is Cigar Lake Mine?
A: The Cigar Lake Mine is in Canada, Athabasca, Saskatchewan.

Q: What is Martin Ødegaard?
A: in 2022 Martin Ødegaard (born 17 December 1998 in Drammen) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for and captains both Premier League club Arsenal and the Norway national team.

Q: What is Anna Karen?
A: Anna Karen (born Ann McCall; 19 September 1936 – 22 February 2022) was a South African-born British actress.

Q: What is Hall church?
A: A hall church is a type of church building.

Q: What is Billy Bathgate?
A: Billy Bathgate is a 1989 novel by author E.

Q: What is Woodlawn, Chicago?
A: Woodlawn, on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, is one of Chicago's 77 community areas.

Q: What is Castle Hedingham?
A: Castle Hedingham is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England.

Q: What is Metric space?
A: A metric space is a mathematical concept.

Q: What is Eileen O'Neill Burke?
A: Eileen O'Neill Burke (born 1965) is an American lawyer, politician, and former judge who has been the Cook County State's Attorney since 2024.

Q: What is ValuJet Airlines Flight 592?
A: ValuJet Airlines Flight 592 was a passenger flight which left Miami International Airport in Miami, Florida, scheduled to land in Atlanta, Georgia.

Q: What is Baywatch (movie)?
A: Baywatch is a 2017 American action-comedy movie.

Q: What is André Previn?
A: André Previn (born Andreas Ludwig Prewin; April 6, 1929 &ndash; February 28, 2019) was a German-American pianist, conductor, and composer.

Q: What is Karthik Subbaraj?
A: Karthik Subbaraj is an Indian film director, screenwriter and film producer working mainly in Tamil cinema.

Q: What is Sports league?
A: A sports league is a sport organization that is made up of many players or teams.

Q: What is Island City, Oregon?
A: Island City is a city in Union County, Oregon, United States.

Q: What is Vittorio De Angelis?
A: Vittorio De Angelis (20 September 1962 – 11 June 2015) was an Italian voice actor.

Q: What is Kantorovich theorem?
A: In mathematics (especially numerical analysis), the Kantorovich theorem (or the Newton-Kantorovich theorem) is a mathematical statement about the convergence of Newton's method.

Q: What is Saline County?
A: Saline County is the name of five counties in the United States: * Saline County, Arkansas * Saline County, Illinois * Saline County, Kansas * Saline County, Missouri * Saline County, Nebraska.

Q: What is Lollywood?
A: Lollywood () is the name of Pakistani movie industry that is based in the city of Lahore.

Q: What is Sabina Park?
A: Sabina Park is an international cricket ground in Kingston, Jamaica.

Q: What is Gadfly?
A: Gadfly is used for term for horse-fly or botfly.

Q: What is Roko Šimić?
A: Roko Šimić (born 10 September 2003) is a Croatian professional footballer.

Q: What is Al-Hujwiri?
A: Abu al-Hasan Ali ibn Uthman ibn Ali al-Jullabi, commonly known by the nisba al-Hujwiri and reverentially as Data Ganj Bakhsh, was an 11th-century Islamic scholar and writer.

Q: What is 2022 Missouri train derailment?
A: On June 27, 2022, the Southwest Chief, a passenger train operated by Amtrak, derailed near the small town of Mendon, Missouri.

Q: What is Johnson County War?
A: The Johnson County War, also known as the War on Powder River and the Wyoming Range War, was a fight over farmland.

Q: What is Battle of Austerlitz?
A: In the battle of Austerlitz, Napoleon Bonaparte fought Russian and Austrian troops.

Q: What is CAS registry number?
A: A CAS registry number is a unique number given to every chemical substance by the Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS).

Q: What is Abortion in Azerbaijan?
A: Abortion in Azerbaijan is legal upon request within the first twenty-eight weeks of pregnancy.

Q: What is Necrophilia?
A: showing a man molesting a dead woman Necrophilia is a paraphilia of being sexually attracted to dead bodies.

Q: What is Chilli crab?
A: Chilli crab is a Singaporean seafood dish.

Q: What is Between the Wheels?
A: "Between the Wheels" is a 1984 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush.

Q: What is Jiichiro Date?
A: was a Japanese freestyle wrestler.

Q: What is Salon.com?
A: Salon is an American website that started in 1995.

Q: What is Katy Carmichael?
A: Katy Jane Carmichael (born 5 March 1970) is an English actress, director, and producer.

Q: What is T.J. Dillashaw?
A: Tyler Jeffrey Dillashaw born February 7, 1986 in Sonora, California.

Q: What is Alan Reed?
A: Alan Reed, also known professionally as Alan Reed Sr., (August 20, 1907 – June 14, 1977) was an American actor and voice actor.

Q: What is Minden, Nevada?
A: Minden is a census-designated place (CDP) in Douglas County, Nevada, United States.

Q: What is Muhammad Marbawi?
A: Muhammad Marbawi Sulaiman (born 30 January 1983) is an archer from Malaysia.

Q: What is In the Realm of the Senses?
A: In the Realm of the Senses is a romantic movie which was released during 1976 in certain countries, 1977 in others.

Q: What is Mary Elliott Hill?
A: Mary Elliott Hill (January 5, 1907) was one of the first African American female chemists in the United States.

Q: What is 2012 Atlantic hurricane season?
A: The 2012 Atlantic hurricane season was an above average season in terms of ACE and damage but most storms were weak and short lived.

Q: What is Mazandaran province?
A: Mazandaran is a province in the Caspie of Iran.

Q: What is Patty Schnyder?
A: Patty Schnyder (born 14 December 1978, Basel) is a retired professional female tennis player from Switzerland.

Q: What is Paralegal?
A: A paralegal is the professional of legal science that performs as part of a legal assistance system.

Q: What is New Zealand–Palestine relations?
A: New Zealand–Palestine relations refer to foreign relations between New Zealand and the State of Palestine.

Q: What is Franck Venaille?
A: Franck Venaille (1936 – 23 August 2018) was a French poet and writer.

Q: What is Genopole?
A: Genopole is a biocluster in France for biotherapies, research in genetics, genomics, post-genomics and for biotechnology companies.

Q: What is Jack Buechner?
A: John William "Jack" Buechner (June 4, 1940 – March 10, 2020) was an American lawyer and Republican politician.

Q: What is Gorron?
A: Gorron is a commune of 2894 people (1999).

Q: What is Arne Selmosson?
A: Arne Selmosson (29 March 1931 – 19 February 2002) was a Swedish footballer.

Q: What is Sydney Cove?
A: Sydney Cove is a small harbour in Sydney, New South Wales in Australia.

Q: What is Double Vision (Foreigner song)?
A: "Double Vision" is a 1978 song by British American band Foreigner.

Q: What is 2011 England riots?
A: s put out a shop and flats destroyed by fire during the rioting in Tottenham, London Rioting took place in several English cities, and towns, between 6 and 10 August 2011.

Q: What is Visions (Cliff Richard song)?
A: "Visions" is a 1966 song by Cliff Richard.

Q: What is Area codes 818 and 747?
A: Area codes 818 and 747 are telephone area codes in the state of California, United States.

Q: What is Ed Kemper?
A: Edmund Emil Kemper III (born December 18, 1948), is a European-American serial killer, suspected cannibal and necrophile who committed the murder of numerous women in the early 1970s, as well as the murders of his mother and paternal grandparents.

Q: What is Gary Ray Bowles?
A: Gary Ray Bowles (January 25, 1962 &ndash; August 22, 2019) was an American serial killer.

Q: What is Digital video recorder?
A: A Digital Video Recorder (DVR),also known as a personal video recorder, is a device that can record videos from an input and store them for later viewing.

Q: What is Siren?
A: :This article is about mythological creatures.

Q: What is McCune–Reischauer?
A: McCune-Reischauer romanization (Maek'yun-Raisyawŏ P'yogibŏp) is one of the two most widely used Korean language romanization systems, along with the Revised Romanization of Korean, which replaced (a modified) McCune-Reischauer as the official romanization system in South Korea in 2000.

Q: What is Old East Slavic?
A: Old East Slavic (traditionally also Old Russian; ; ; ) was a language used during the 10th–15th centuries by East Slavs in Kievan Rus'.

Q: What is Alfred Edwin Brain Sr.?
A: Alfred Edwin Brain (born Turnham Green, London, 4 February 1860; died London, 25 October 1929), was an English player of the French horn.

Q: What is Costa Rica women's national football team?
A: The Costa Rica women's national football team () football for Costa Rica in international matches.

Q: What is Abu Salma?
A: Abdul-Karim al-Karmi (1909 – 11 October 1980), famously known as Abu Salma, He is a Palestinian poet and one of the Arab poets.

Q: What is Marjory Stoneman Douglas?
A: Marjory Stoneman Douglas (April 7, 1890 – May 14, 1998) was an American journalist, writer, feminist, and environmentalist.

Q: What is Schmidt's mountain brook frog?
A: Schmidt's mountain brook frog (Duellmanohyla schmidtorum) is a frog.

Q: What is Henry Gibson?
A: Henry Gibson (September 21, 1935&nbsp;– September 14, 2009) was an American actor, singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Toshio Fukui?
A: Toshio Fukui (福井利男, Fukui Toshio, January 29, 1947; Otsu, Shiga Prefecture {age 74} - ) is a Japanese base player and is known as the band leader of the OX, a garage rock band group.

Q: What is The BFG (1989 movie)?
A: The BFG is a 1989 British animated movie produced by Cosgrove Hall Films.

Q: What is 1977–78 Austrian Cup?
A: The 1977-78 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition.

Q: What is Sandstone universities?
A: The sandstone universities are a group of Australian universities.

Q: What is Masafumi Makiyama?
A: Masafumi Makiyama is a Japanese archer.

Q: What is Unreachable code?
A: Unreachable code is a section of code in a program that can never be executed.

Q: What is Wester Ross?
A: Wester Ross is part of the Scottish county of Ross and Cromarty.

Q: What is Coach (sport)?
A: In sports, a coach or manager is a person who directs and trains a sports team or sportsperson.

Q: What is The Addiction?
A: The Addiction is a 1995 American horror movie.

Q: What is Antara Dua Darjat?
A: Antara Dua Darjat (English: Between Two Classes) is a 1960 Singaporean Malay-language Black and white.

Q: What is McComb, Mississippi?
A: McComb is a city in Pike County, Mississippi, about 80 miles south of saloons.

Q: What is Molecular helium?
A: Molecular helium is a form (allotrope) of the chemical element helium that contains chemical bonds.

Q: What is Liam Gallagher?
A: William John Paul "Liam" Gallagher (born 21 September 1972) is a British musician and songwriter.

Q: What is Damien Sandow?
A: Infobox Wrestler Aron Steven Haddad (born August 3, 1982) is an American retired professional wrestler currently working as a manager in the National Wrestling Alliance under the ring name Aron Stevens.

Q: What is Amusaa Mwanamwambwa?
A: Amusaa Katunda Mwanamwambwa (born 15 May 1940) is a Zambian former politician.

Q: What is Mathura district?
A: Mathura district is one of the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.

Q: What is Theydon Garnon?
A: Theydon Garnon is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England.

Q: What is Matt Mahan?
A: Matthew William Mahan (born 1982) is an American politician, tech entrepreneur, and the Mayor of San Jose, California He is the 67th (or 66th depending on sources) Mayor of San José, taking office on January 1, 2023.

Q: What is The Jeremy Kyle Show?
A: The Jeremy Kyle Show was a British tabloid talk show.

Q: What is Billy Porter?
A: Billy Porter (born September 21, 1969) is an American actor and singer.

Q: What is Benee?
A: Stella Rose Bennett (born 30 January 2000), known professionally as Benee is a New Zealand singer-songwriter from Grey Lynn, Auckland.

Q: What is Greenwood, Arkansas?
A: Greenwood is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Q: What is Iam McFaul?
A: William Stewart "Iam" McFaul (1 October 1943 – 4 October 2025) was a Northern Irish football player and coach.

Q: What is Claviere?
A: Claviere is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Q: What is Grammy Award for Best Pop Solo Performance?
A: The Grammy Award for Best Pop Solo Performance is an award presented at the Grammy Awards.

Q: What is Jōō (Kamakura period)?
A: , also romanized as Jō-ō, was a Japanese era name (年号, nengō, lit.

Q: What is Whitney (album)?
A: Whitney is the second studio album by American singer Whitney Houston, released on June 2, 1987 by Arista Records as the follow-up to her self-titled debut album, Whitney Houston (album) The album features five top 10 hits on the US Billboard Hot 100.

Q: What is Morobe big-eyed tree frog?
A: The Morobe big-eyed tree frog (Nyctimystes trachydermis) is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea.

Q: What is Idaho County, Idaho?
A: Idaho County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Thurston County?
A: Thurston County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Thurston County, Nebraska * Thurston County, Washington.

Q: What is Soricomorpha?
A: The Soricomorpha ("shrew-form") was a proposed biological group in the Class (biology) The proposal was discarded when it was discovered that a larger grouping was monophyletic, and formed an natural clade of insectivores.

Q: What is Linda Kazienko?
A: Linda Kazienko is a retired archer from Canada.

Q: What is Thal desert?
A: The Thal desert is in Punjab, Pakistan.

Q: What is Anatol Hrytskievich?
A: Anatol Hrytskievich (; January 31, 1929 &ndash; January 20, 2015) was a Belarusian historian.

Q: What is Inferno (song)?
A: "Inferno" is a song by Filipino-American social media personality Bella Poarch and American musician and producer Sub Urban.

Q: What is Broad-palmed frog?
A: The broad-palmed frog (Litoria latopalmata) is a frog from eastern Australia.

Q: What is Logo of Wikipedia?
A: The logo of Wikipedia, which is a free, open-source online encyclopedia, that's accessible in many languages, is a picture that shows the following description: A cut globe made from Jigsaw puzzle pieces with some missing at the top, and has glyphs from many different writing systems.

Q: What is Arvid Jacobsen?
A: Arvid Jacobsen (11 October 1938 &ndash; 25 June 2014) was a Norwegian newspaper editor.

Q: What is Nikoletta Samonas?
A: Nikoletta Samonas (born September 5, 1985) is an actress and freelance model from Ghana and Greece.

Q: What is Kakching Garden?
A: The Kakching Garden () is a garden on the Uyok Ching hill to the west of the Kakching airfield.

Q: What is PowerA?
A: PowerA is an American video game maker located in Woodinville, Washington.

Q: What is Douvres-la-Délivrande?
A: Douvres-la-Délivrande is a commune.

Q: What is Garbiñe Muguruza?
A: Garbiñe Muguruza (born 8 October 1993 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan-born professional tennis player from Spain.

Q: What is Dean Woods?
A: Dean Anthony Woods, OAM (22 June 1966 – 3 March 2022) was an Australian racing cyclist.

Q: What is Santa María Apaxco?
A: Santa María Apaxco is a town from Apaxco in the state of México in Mexico.

Q: What is Terje Moe Gustavsen?
A: , 2010 Terje Moe Gustavsen (20 October 1954 – 4 May 2019) was a Norwegian politician and civil servant.

Q: What is Hatteras, North Carolina?
A: Hatteras is an unincorporated community in Dare County, North Carolina, United States.

Q: What is Méounes-lès-Montrieux?
A: Méounes-lès-Montrieux is a commune of 2,202 people (2018).

Q: What is Reality?
A: Reality means anything that exists.

Q: What is Kurt Mitchell?
A: Kurt Mitchell was a sports shooter from Canada.

Q: What is Birthday?
A: A birthday is the day when a person was born.

Q: What is Parthenon?
A: The Parthenon is a temple in the middle of the Acropolis in Athens, Greece (Europe).

Q: What is Ryuk?
A: Ryuk is a Shinigami (God of Death) in the Death Note franchise.

Q: What is Santiago Auserón?
A: Santiago Auserón, also known as Juan Perro (July 25, 1954 in Zaragoza, Aragon) is a Spanish singer and lyricist.

Q: What is Millersburg, Oregon?
A: Millersburg is a city in Linn County, Oregon, United States.

Q: What is 1920 North Dakota Blizzard?
A: The 1920 North Dakota blizzard was a severe blizzard that killed 34 people from March 15–18, 1920 in the U.S.

Q: What is Hollyoaks?
A: Hollyoaks is a British television teen soap opera.

Q: What is Ludwig Bründl?
A: Ludwig "Bubi" Bründl (born 23 November 1946) is a retired German footballer.

Q: What is Limburger cheese?
A: Limburger cheese is a cheese made from cows' milk.

Q: What is Philanthropy?
A: Philanthropy is doing something for the public good to improve other people's lives.

Q: What is Internet fraud?
A: Internet fraud means trying to trick or scam someone else using the Internet.

Q: What is Andreas Kisser?
A: Andreas Rudolf Kisser (, born August 24, 1968 in São Bernardo do Campo, Brazil) is the lead guitarist for the metal band Sepultura as well as the rock supergroup HAIL!.

Q: What is Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble?
A: Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble is an action puzzle video game for the Game Boy Color game console.

Q: What is Broad Front (Uruguay)?
A: The Broad Front (, FA) is a Uruguayan centre-left to left-wing coalition of political parties.

Q: What is Division of Martin?
A: The Division of Martin was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.

Q: What is Peanut milk?
A: Peanut milk is a type of plant milk.

Q: What is It's All Over Now?
A: "It's All Over Now" is a song written by Bobby Womack and was first released in 1964 by The Valentinos.

Q: What is Humvee?
A: The High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle (HMMWV; colloquial: Humvee) is an American military SUV produced by AM General.

Q: What is Wild & Crazy Kids?
A: Wild & Crazy Kids is an American children's game show that originally aired on Nickelodeon from July 4, 1990 to December 1, 1992 in the original series and July 29 to October 7, 2002 in the revival series.

Q: What is Earl Thomas Conley?
A: Earl Thomas Conley (October 17, 1941 – April 10, 2019) was an American country music singer-songwriter known for many hit records, including his 1981 top hit "Fire and Smoke" ("...what a rush I got...").

Q: What is Meg Hillier?
A: Meg Hillier (born 1969, Hampstead) is the Labour MP for Hackney South and Shoreditch.

Q: What is Steve McNair?
A: Steve LaTreal McNair (February 14, 1973 – July 4, 2009, nicknamed "Air McNair") was an American football quarterback who played for the Tennessee Titans and the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.

Q: What is Fast?
A: Fast can mean different things: * Moving at a high speed * Fasting - when someone stops eating.

Q: What is Alevtina Kolchina?
A: Alevtina Pavlovna Kolchina ( alternate spelling: Alevtina Koltsjina; 11 November 1930 – 1 March 2022) was a Soviet cross-country skier.

Q: What is Nationalist Revolution?
A: (image) of 1911 was the first nationalist revolution based on Tridemism in history.

Q: What is Niclas Alexandersson?
A: Niclas Alexandersson (born 29 December 1971) is a former Swedish football player.

Q: What is Agrasena?
A: Maharaja Agrasen (or Agrasena) was a legendary Indian king of Agroha in India.

Q: What is Reince Priebus?
A: Reinhold Richard "Reince" Priebus ( ; born March 18, 1972) is an American attorney and politician.

Q: What is Alice Lindhout?
A: Alice Lindhout is a Dutch water polo player.

Q: What is Legion of Merit?
A: The Legion of Merit (LOM) is a military award of the United States Armed Forces.

Q: What is Patrick Mahomes?
A: Patrick Lavon Mahomes II (born September 17, 1995) is an American football player for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Skunk Anansie?
A: Skunk Anansie are a British rock music group.

Q: What is Bermondsey tube station?
A: Bermondsey Underground Station is located on the eastern part of Bermondsey in the London Borough of Southwark.

Q: What is Kenji Fujimori?
A: Kenji Gerardo Fujimori Higuchi (born 19 May 1980), popularly known as Kenji, is a Peruvian businessman, Fujimorist politician and a former congressman representing Lima from 2011 until he was suspended from congressional duty in June 2018 in aftermath of the Kenjivideos scandal.

Q: What is Technoblade?
A: Alexander (June 1, 1999 – June 30, 2022), known online as Technoblade, was an American YouTuber known for his Minecraft videos, live streams, and involvement in the minigame server Hypixel.

Q: What is Les Oubeaux?
A: Les Oubeaux is a former commune.

Q: What is Oklahoma Land Run?
A: The Land Rush of 1889, also known as the Oklahoma Land Run, was the first land run into the Unassigned Lands of Oklahoma.

Q: What is Orlando Bloom?
A: Orlando Jonathan Blanchard Bloom (born 13 January 1977, in Canterbury, Kent, England) is an English actor.

Q: What is İsmail Hakkı Karadayı?
A: İsmail Hakkı Karadayı (1932 – 26 May 2020) was a Turkish general and politician.

Q: What is Wang Ja-ji?
A: Wang Ja-ji (, 1066 – May 1122) was a Korean politician, general, musician, and ambassador during the Goryeo dynasty.

Q: What is Wild Things (song)?
A: "Wild Things" is the second single off of Canadian singer Alessia Cara's first studio album Know-It-All.

Q: What is The Gadget Show?
A: Shop Smart, Save Money is a British television series which used to be called The Gadget Show.

Q: What is Patrick Stump?
A: Patrick Vaughn Stump (born Patrick Martin Stumph on April 27th, 1984) is an American musician, best known as the lead singer, guitarist and composer of the American rock band Fall Out Boy.

Q: What is Arctiidae?
A: Arctiidae is a large family of moths with around 11,000 species found all over the world.

Q: What is List of Romanian scientists?
A: :Pages appear in : scientists This is a list of notable Romanian scientists.

Q: What is Immanuel Church, Stockholm?
A: Immanuel Church () is church The entire block consists of offices and a hotel.

Q: What is Quantum Heroes Dinoster?
A: Quantum Heroes Dinoster ( ) is a South Korean animated television series, produced by Funny Flux Entertainment in South Korea and distributed by Alpha Group in China, with production support from Educational Broadcasting System in South Korea on August 28, 2023.

Q: What is Luisinho (footballer, born 1911)?
A: Luís Mesquita de Oliveira, best known as Luisinho, (29 March 1911, in Rio de Janeiro &ndash; 27 December 1983, in São Paulo) is a former Brazilian football player.

Q: What is Orizont?
A: Orizont is a 2015 Romanian action thriller movie directed by Marian Crișan and is the second version of the short story The Mill of Good Luck.

Q: What is Rusk County, Texas?
A: Rusk County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Pseudophilautus tanu?
A: The Sri Lanka petite shrub frog (Pseudophilautus tanu) was a frog.

Q: What is Weighing scale?
A: :For other uses of the word "scale" see scale (disambiguation) 's painting: Woman with a balance.

Q: What is 2b2t?
A: 2builders2tools (2b2t) is one of the oldest and most notorious Minecraft multiplayer game servers.

Q: What is Dina Boluarte?
A: Dina Ercilia Boluarte Zegarra ( ; born 31 May 1962) is a Peruvian politician, civil servant and lawyer who was the 64th President of Peru from 2022 until 2025.

Q: What is Codeshare agreement?
A: Codesharing is a type of partnership that airlines have.

Q: What is Hayley Atwell?
A: Hayley Elizabeth Atwell (born 5 April 1982) is a British-American actress.

Q: What is M83?
A: M83 is a French electronic music band.

Q: What is Petru Bogatu?
A: Petru Bogatu (12 July 1951 – 22 March 2020) was a Moldovan journalist, essayist, political analyst and writer.

Q: What is Mount Edziza?
A: Mount Edziza is a dormant volcano in British Columbia, Canada.

Q: What is Uddevalla?
A: Uddevalla is a town in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden.

Q: What is Saint-Paul, Gironde?
A: Saint-Paul, Gironde is a commune.

Q: What is WAGR Asg class?
A: The WAGR Asg class were a total of 25 ASG steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1944 to 1957.

Q: What is Albertsons?
A: Albertsons is an American grocery company chain.

Q: What is Acute respiratory distress syndrome?
A: Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is a type of respiratory failure caused by a massive widespread inflammation in the lungs.

Q: What is Zbigniew Pacelt?
A: Zbigniew Pacelt (26 August 1951 – 4 October 2021) was a Polish Olympic athlete and politician.

Q: What is United Football League (2024)?
A: The United Football League is an American Football league that was founded (created) in 2023 from the merger of the 2020 XFL and 2022 USFL.

Q: What is Saint-Jean-de-Luz?
A: Saint-Jean-de-Luz is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Basque Country.

Q: What is Peter Parker (The Amazing Spider-Man movie series)?
A: Peter Benjamin Parker, also known as Spider-Man, is the main hero of the 2012-2014 Marc Webb The Amazing Spider-Man movie series and based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name.

Q: What is Division of Melbourne Ports?
A: The Division of Melbourne Ports was an Australian federal electoral division in the inner south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Port Melbourne and Williamstown.

Q: What is John Russell, 1st Earl Russell?
A: John Russell, 1st Earl Russell, KG, GCMG, PC (18 August 1792 – 28 May 1878) was an English Whig and Liberal politician.

Q: What is Tomas Ledin?
A: Tomas Folke Jonas Ledin (, born 25 February 1952, in Rätan, Sweden) is a Swedish singer, songwriter, guitarist, and producer.

Q: What is Corrientes?
A: Corrientes is a city in Argentina.

Q: What is Delmarva Shorebirds?
A: The Delmarva Shorebirds are a Minor League Baseball team.

Q: What is Henry Cabot Lodge?
A: Henry Cabot Lodge (May 12, 1850 November 9, 1924) was an American Republican Party (United States).

Q: What is Seminole County?
A: Seminole County is the name of many counties in the United States: *Seminole County, Florida *Seminole County, Georgia *Seminole County, Oklahoma.

Q: What is Emilio Álvarez Montalván?
A: Emilio Álvarez Montalván (31 July 1919 &ndash; 2 July 2014) was a Nicaraguan diplomat and politician.

Q: What is Willebroek?
A: Willebroek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

Q: What is Pennsylvania Route 82?
A: Pennsylvania Route 82 is a state highway in Pennsylvania.

Q: What is Parvillers-le-Quesnoy?
A: Parvillers-le-Quesnoy is a commune.

Q: What is Stephen Collins?
A: Stephen Weaver Collins (born October 1, 1947) is an American actor.

Q: What is Akaroa?
A: Akaroa is a small town in the Banks Peninsula in the Canterbury Region of the South Island.

Q: What is José Poll?
A: José Poll Martínez (24 September 1950 – April 2020) was a Cuban wrestler.

Q: What is Boruto?
A: Naruto Next Generations: is sequel to the Naruto series.

Q: What is Lohja?
A: Lohja () is a city in Uusimaa, Finland.

Q: What is Cattistock?
A: Cattistock is a village in west Dorset, England, in the upper reaches of the Frome Valley eight miles north west of Dorchester.

Q: What is Sunzha?
A: Sunzha (; ) is a town in the Republic of Ingushetia, Russia.

Q: What is Efzar?
A: Efzar (; formerly, Marand (Persian: مرند), also known as Marand Ābādeh) is a city and capital of Efzar District, in Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.

Q: What is Loon op Zand?
A: Loon op Zand is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant.

Q: What is Conversano?
A: Conversano is an Italian city in Apulia.

Q: What is Kshetri?
A: Khas/Kshetri or Khas/Chhetri/Chetry () are Tatar Ab-Original Native From of people belonging to tartarrace in Khas group, a Altaic ethno-linguistic group (see Altaic languages).

Q: What is If I Fell?
A: "If I Fell" is a 1964 song by The Beatles.

Q: What is Telephone numbers in Argentina?
A: { !style="background: lightgreen"|Codes and access phone numbers |- |Country code: 54 |- |International access code: 00 |- |Trunk code: 0 |- |International phone calls operator phone number: 000 |- |Local and national calls operator phone number: 19 |} Phone numbers in Argentina have ten digits.

Q: What is Evelyn Waugh?
A: Evelyn Waugh (pronounce like the word "war") (28 October 1903 – 10 April 1966) was an English writer.

Q: What is Fernanda Gritzbach?
A: Fernanda Gritzbach (born 10 January 1984 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian volleyball player.

Q: What is Canada men's national ice hockey team?
A: The Canadian National Men's Ice Hockey Team (also known as Team Canada) is the ice hockey team for Canada.

Q: What is Osroene?
A: Osroene (also spelled Osrohene, Osrhoene, from the Greek ; '), also known by the name of its capital city, Edessa, Mesopotamia 325: Ante-Nicene Fathers vol.

Q: What is Clichy, Hauts-de-Seine?
A: Clichy is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France.

Q: What is Simon Goodell Griffin?
A: Simon Goodell Griffin (August 9, 1824 – January 14, 1902) was an American soldier during the American Civil War.

Q: What is Bristol?
A: Bristol is a city and ceremonial county in England.

Q: What is Samuel Kuffour?
A: Samuel Kuffour (born 3 September 1976) is a former Ghanaian football player.

Q: What is Jhony Galli?
A: Jhony Moisés Galli Moreira (born 19 March 1990) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Deportivo Municipal in the Peru Peruvian Primera División.

Q: What is Afroman?
A: Joseph Edgar Foreman (born July 28, 1974 in Palmdale, California) is an American rapper.

Q: What is Central Denmark Region?
A: Central Denmark Region is an administrative region of Denmark.

Q: What is Homo?
A: Homo is a genus of upright primates that walk on two legs.

Q: What is Taiynsha?
A: Tayinsha () is a city in the North Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan.

Q: What is María Ostolaza?
A: María Ostolaza is a volleyball player from Peru.

Q: What is It Ain't Hard to Tell?
A: "It Ain't Hard to Tell" is a 1994 song by rapper Nas and is the second single from his debut studio album Illmatic.

Q: What is Stockholm Syndrome (Blink-182 song)?
A: Stockholm Syndrome (Blink-182 song) is a song by the music group, Blink-182.

Q: What is Jeanne Mance Award?
A: Jeanne Mance Award is a biannual award, awarded to nurses who has contributed greatly to health in Canada.

Q: What is List of governors of Anambra State?
A: This is a list of administrators and governors of Anambra State.

Q: What is Igor Shpilband?
A: Igor Shpilband (, born July 1964) is a former Soviet ice dancer and current ice dancing coach of Scott Moir and Tessa Virtue, who won the gold medal for ice dancing at the 2010 Winter Olympics.

Q: What is ViSalus?
A: ViSalus is a health and fitness products company that sells weight-management products, energy drinks, and nutritional supplements.

Q: What is Walmor Chagas?
A: Walmor Chagas (August 28, 1930 &ndash; January 18, 2013) was a Brazilian actor.

Q: What is Annemarie Renger?
A: Annemarie Renger (née Wildung; 7 October 1919 – 3 March 2008) was a German politician for the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).

Q: What is Uniting for Consensus?
A: Uniting for Consensus (UfC), also known as the Coffee Club, is a group that was created in the 1990s against the possible expansion of Permanent Seats in the United Nations Security Council.

Q: What is Portsmouth, Ohio?
A: Portsmouth is a city in the U.S.

Q: What is East Cleveland, Ohio?
A: East Cleveland is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

Q: What is Jon Ola Norbom?
A: Jon Ola Hauger Norbom (15 December 1923 &ndash; 12 April 2020) was a Norwegian economist and politician.

Q: What is Leon Cooper?
A: Leon N Cooper (February 28, 1930 &ndash; October 23, 2024) was an American physicist.

Q: What is Styphnolobium japonicum?
A: Pagoda Tree or Chinese Scholar Tree (Styphnolobium) is a genus of flowering plants in the Fabaceae family.

Q: What is Gus Grissom?
A: Virgil Ivan "Gus" Grissom (April 3, 1926 – January 27, 1967) was an American test pilot and astronaut.

Q: What is Lilian Janse-van der Weele?
A: Lilian Janse-van der Weele (born 1973 in Flushing) is a Dutch politician.

Q: What is Osip Mandelstam?
A: Osip Emilyevich Mandelstam (also spelled Mandelshtam, ; January 15, 1891 – December 27, 1938) was a Russian poet and essayist.

Q: What is Jōgen (Kamakura period)?
A: , also known as Shōgen, was a Japanese era name (年号, nengō, lit.

Q: What is A Line Made by Walking?
A: A Line Made by Walking is a 1967 sculpture by British artist Richard Long.

Q: What is House of Peoples of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina?
A: The House of Peoples of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is an upper house of the Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the lower being the House of Representatives.

Q: What is Örebro County?
A: Örebro County () is a county in central Sweden, with the seat located in Örebro.

Q: What is Flag of Benito Juárez, Quintana Roo?
A: The flag of Benito Juárez () It is colored white and the coat of arms in the center.

Q: What is Senate of Saint Lucia?
A: The Senate of Saint Lucia is the upper house of the Parliament of Saint Lucia.

Q: What is Abdul Aziz al-Hakim?
A: Ayatollah Abdul Aziz al-Hakim ( ; ; 1952 – 26 August 2009) was an Iraqi theologian and politician and the leader of SCIRI, the largest political party in the Iraqi National Assembly.

Q: What is Proof (rapper)?
A: DeShaun Dupree Holton (October 2, 1973 – April 11th, 2006), better known as Proof, was an American rapper.

Q: What is Vicovu de Sus?
A: Vicovu de Sus () is a town in northern Suceava County, Romania.

Q: What is Sexual abuse?
A: Sexual abuse (also called sexual molestation) is when one person encourages another person to commit a sexual act, harassment or sexual assault.

Q: What is Pavel Bobek?
A: Pavel Bobek (16 September 1937 − 20 November 2013) was a Czech singer.

Q: What is Calibre?
A: A calibre (or caliber in American English) is the diameter of the barrel of a gun.

Q: What is Macclenny, Florida?
A: Macclenny is a city of Florida in the United States.

Q: What is Bakhytjan Sagintayev?
A: Bakhytjan Abdiruly Sagintayev (, , , ; born 13 October 1963) is a Kazakh politician.

Q: What is Christine Laszar?
A: Christine Laszar (born 19 December 1931) is a German actress.

Q: What is Hanako Muraoka?
A: was a Japanese novelist and translator.

Q: What is Deeper Well?
A: Deeper Well is the sixth studio album by American singer and songwriter Kacey Musgraves.

Q: What is Cupressus cashmeriana?
A: Cupressus cashmeriana (Bhutan cypress, Kashmir cypress, weeping cypress; Dzongkha language: Tsenden) is a species of cypress native to the eastern Himalaya in Bhutan and adjacent areas of Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India.

Q: What is Saint-Pierre-de-Mons?
A: Saint-Pierre-de-Mons is a commune.

Q: What is Barratt Developments?
A: Barratt Developments is one of the largest house building companies in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Leopold Lippens?
A: Leopold Raymond Maurice François Marie Ghislain Lippens (20 October 1941 – 19 February 2021) was a Belgian politician.

Q: What is Karine Danielyan?
A: Karine Danielyan (; 9 June 1947 – 4 April 2022) was an Armenian environmentalist and politician.

Q: What is Constellation Energy?
A: Constellation Energy Corporation is an American energy company.

Q: What is Pendeli?
A: Pendeli is a mountain in Greece.

Q: What is The Mother We Share?
A: "The Mother We Share" is a 2012 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches.

Q: What is Christian Social Union of Bavaria?
A: The Christian Social Union of Bavaria or Christlich Soziale Union (short CSU) is a conservative political party in the German state of Bavaria.

Q: What is Yuri Vasenin?
A: Yuri Nikolayevich Vasenin (; 2 October 1948 – 2 May 2022) was a Soviet footballer and coach.

Q: What is Symbolic anthropology?
A: Symbolic anthropology or symbolic and interpretive anthropology is the study where cultural symbols can be used in society.

Q: What is Ken Behring?
A: Kenneth Eugene Behring (June 13, 1928 – June 25, 2019) was an American Real estate development In 1996 and 1999, Behring was accused of sexual harassment by multiple women.

Q: What is Per Jorsett?
A: Per Jorsett (11 May 1920 – 30 January 2019) was a Norwegian freelance sports reporter, sport historian and sports shooter.

Q: What is Moombahton?
A: Moombahton (, ) is a fusion genre.

Q: What is E233 series?
A: The is a commuter and suburban electric multiple unit (EMU) train type developed by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) from the earlier E231 series and the E531 series design.

Q: What is Lei, Sardinia?
A: Lei (Lèi) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is Van de Graaff Generator?
A: A Van de Graaff generator is an electrostatic machine.

Q: What is National Liberation Day of Korea?
A: The National Liberation Day of Korea, is a holiday on August 15 in both North and South Korea.

Q: What is Providence Village, Texas?
A: Providence Village is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Q: What is Gyula Gömbös?
A: Gyula Gömbös de Jákfa (26 December 1886 – 6 October 1936) was a Hungarian military officer and politician.

Q: What is Vimmerby Municipality?
A: Vimmerby Municipality () is a municipality in Kalmar County in southern Sweden.

Q: What is COVID-19 pandemic in Uzbekistan?
A: The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Uzbekistan when its first case was confirmed on 15 March 2020, an Uzbek citizen returning from France.

Q: What is Idol?
A: An idol is a religious item that represents a god.

Q: What is Grand marshal?
A: Grand marshal is a ceremonial, military, or political office of very high rank.

Q: What is Kenneth I of Scotland?
A: Cináeda mac Ailpín (Modern Gaelic: Coinneach mac Ailpein; 810 — 13 February 858) often known as Kenneth I and nicknamed the Conqueror (Scottish Gaelic: an Conqueror) was the King of Scotland from 843 until his death in 858.

Q: What is Tommy Robson?
A: Thomas Henry Robson (31 July 1944 – 8 October 2020) was an English footballer who made more than 600 appearances in the Football League playing as a Northampton Town, Chelsea, Newcastle United, Peterborough United, Nuneaton Borough and Stamford.

Q: What is J. P. Parisé?
A: Jean-Paul Joseph-Louis Parisé (December 11, 1941 – January 7, 2015) was a Canadian ice hockey coach and left winger.

Q: What is 2024 Israeli invasion of Lebanon?
A: On 1 October 2024, Israel began an invasion of southern Lebanon as part of the ongoing Israel–Hezbollah conflict, a result of the Israel–Hamas war.

Q: What is It Happened in Athens?
A: It Happened in Athens is a 1962 Greek American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Andrew Marton and starring Trax Colton, Jayne Mansfield, Xenia Kalogeropoulou, Nico Minardos, Bob Mathias, Ivan Triesault, Titos Vandis.

Q: What is Iga Province?
A: was an old province of Japan in the area of Mie Prefecture on the island of Honshū.Stephen Turnbull.

Q: What is SM City Suzhou?
A: SM Suzhou is the first SM mall in Jiangsu Province, and the fifth China mall expansion of SM Prime Holdings in the country.

Q: What is Pete Stark?
A: Fortney Hillman "Pete" Stark Jr.

Q: What is John Joe O'Reilly?
A: John Joe O'Reilly was born at the Derries, Killeshandra, County Cavan.

Q: What is Werner Naumann?
A: Werner Naumann (16 June 1909 in Guhrau - 25 October 1982 in Lüdenscheid) was a German State Secretary in the Propaganda Ministry during the Third Reich.

Q: What is Nigerian Navy?
A: The Nigerian Navy (NN) is a branch of the Nigerian Armed Forces.

Q: What is Spin Master?
A: Spin Master is a Canadian toy and entertainment company.

Q: What is Chet Huntley?
A: Chester Robert "Chet" Huntley (December 10, 1911 &ndash; March 20, 1974) was an American television newscaster.

Q: What is Nebraska (song)?
A: "Nebraska" is a 1982 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the title track to his sixth studio album of the same name.

Q: What is Francisco Accioly Rodrigues da Costa Filho?
A: Francisco Accioly Rodrigues da Costa Filho (Paranaguá, March 5, 1920 - Curitiba, November 13, 1979) was a lawyer, professor, and Brazilian politician.

Q: What is Fiorenzo Angelini?
A: Fiorenzo Angelini (1 August 1916 – 22 November 2014) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.

Q: What is Media manipulation?
A: manipulation can be found in news programs that can reach mass audiences.

Q: What is Client?
A: In net jargon (words people use about the Internet) a client is a computer used by a user to connect to a network and make requests to servers.

Q: What is Objectivism?
A: Objectivism may mean: *Objectivity (philosophy): A philosophical opinion or doctrine.

Q: What is Zi Yu?
A: Zi Yu (Chinese: 梓渝; born 6 July 2002), also known by his real name Zheng Peng (Chinese: 郑朋), is a Chinese singer and actor.

Q: What is Cruelty (movie)?
A: Cruelty () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Skuybin.

Q: What is Toyōke Ōmikami?
A: is a Japanese goddess of agriculture and food.

Q: What is Kadis-kot?
A: Kadis-kot is a fictional board game in the TV show Star Trek: Voyager.

Q: What is Haute-Marne?
A: Haute-Marne is a department in the northeast of France named after the Marner river.

Q: What is Y tu mamá también?
A: Y tu mamá también (Spanish for And Your Mother Too) is a 2001 award-winning Mexican road movie.

Q: What is Death Race for Love?
A: Death Race for Love is the second studio album by American rapper Juice Wrld.

Q: What is List of rivers of Jordan?
A: This is a list of rivers in Jordan.

Q: What is James Paris Lee?
A: James Paris Lee (9 August 1831 – 24 February 1904) was a British, Canadian inventor.

Q: What is Hawker Tempest?
A: {| |} The Hawker Tempest is a British fighter aircraft of World War II.

Q: What is Abdul Rashid Khan?
A: Abdul Rashid Khan (19 August 1908 – 18 February 2016) was an dhamar and thumri.

Q: What is Obstetrics?
A: Obstetrics is the medical speciality that deals with helping a woman during pregnancy and childbirth.

Q: What is Yuliya Podskalnaya?
A: Yuliya Podskalnaya (born 18 April 1989) is a Russian female volleyball player.

Q: What is Aurora Bretón?
A: Gonzala Aurora Bretón Gómez (10 January 1950 – 27 May 2014) was a Mexican archer.

Q: What is Sidrapong Hydel Power Station?
A: Sidrapong Hydroelectric Power Station (a.k.a.

Q: What is Cascade Volcanic Arc?
A: The Cascade Volcanic Arc (also known as the Cascades or the Cascade Range) is a major range of volcanoes in southwestern British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, and northern California.

Q: What is Tudor period?
A: The Tudor period usually refers to the period between 1485 and 1603, specifically in relation to the history of England.

Q: What is Tours?
A: Tours is a city on the Loire River in the centre of France.

Q: What is Paul D. Boyer?
A: Paul Delos Boyer (July 31, 1918 &ndash; June 2, 2018) was an American biochemist, analytical chemist, and a professor of chemistry at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).

Q: What is Metro Baguio?
A: Metropolitan Baguio, or also known as Metro Baguio, is one of the metropolitan area particularly in North Luzon in the island state of Luzon in the Philippines , the city of Baguio is known as the "Summer Capital of the Philippines" and the regional capital of Northern Luzon.

Q: What is Javier Astúa?
A: Javier Astúa Araya (6 November 1968 – 4 January 2022) was a Costa Rican professional footballer.

Q: What is Nogent-sur-Seine?
A: Nogent-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France.

Q: What is Beatenberg?
A: Beatenberg is a municipality of the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Q: What is List of prime ministers of Czechoslovakia?
A: The Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia (, ) was the head of government of Czechoslovakia, from the creation of the First Czechoslovak Republic in 1918 until the dissolution of the Czech and Slovak Federative Republic in 1992.

Q: What is Diving suit?
A: A diving suit is a type of protective clothing worn by scuba divers when they swim underwater in oceans, lakes, and rivers.

Q: What is Reliquary?
A: Reliquary is a container storing ancient religious objects.

Q: What is Izegem?
A: Izegem is a municipality in the Belgian province of West Flanders.

Q: What is Eddie Howe?
A: Edward John Frank Howe (born 29 November 1977) is an English professional football manager and former football player.

Q: What is San Felipe, Venezuela?
A: San Felipe is a city in Venezuela.

Q: What is Río Negro Department?
A: The Río Negro department () is a department of Uruguay.

Q: What is Kiko (footballer, born 1972)?
A: Kiko (born 26 April 1972) is a former Spanish football player.

Q: What is Ronald Clark?
A: Ronald Charles Clark (28 April 1914 – 12 June 2000) was a British biologist, linguist, and educator best known for his role in developing and promoting Glosa (auxiliary language).

Q: What is Public toilet?
A: female and male public washrooms on the Boise River Greenbelt in Idaho, US, featuring public art , England A public toilet is a toilet in a public place.

Q: What is Tannehill, Louisiana?
A: Tannehill is an unincorporated community in Winn Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Stubbs (cat)?
A: Stubbs (April 12, 1997 &ndash; July 21, 2017) was an American cat who was the mayor of Talkeetna, Alaska from July 1997 until his death in July 2017.

Q: What is Nagua?
A: Nagua is a Dominican city and the head municipality of the María Trinidad Sánchez province, on the northeast (Atlantic) coast of the country.

Q: What is Caramel (movie)?
A: Caramel () is a 1996 Lebanese French comedy-drama movie directed by first time director Nadine Labaki (who also stars) and starring Adel Karam, Yasmine Al Massri, Joanna Moukarzel, Gisèle Aouad, Sihame Haddad, Aziza Semaan.

Q: What is Oscar Panno?
A: Oscar Roberto Panno (born 17 March 1935) is an Argentine chess Grandmaster.

Q: What is Parody?
A: used by the Google Android operating system.

Q: What is El Mdou?
A: El Mdou is a village in the south of Tunisia located eight kilometers west of Gabès and dependent on the governorate of Gabès.

Q: What is Battle of Irpin?
A: The Battle of Irpin was a battle that was fought for control over the city of Irpin, Ukraine during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Q: What is Lincoln County, New Mexico?
A: Lincoln County is a county in the state of New Mexico in the United States.

Q: What is Strawberry and Chocolate?
A: Strawberry and Chocolate () is a 1993 Cuban Mexican comedy drama movie directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea and Juan Carlos Tabío and is based on the 1990 short story The Wolf, The Forest and the New Man by Senel Paz.

Q: What is Tango (drink)?
A: Tango is a carbonated soft drink.

Q: What is Sola scriptura?
A: Sola scriptura (Latin for "by scripture alone") means "the Bible alone ." Protestant Christians who subscribe to the doctrine of Sola scriptura believe that the Bible is the most important authority to the Christian faith, rather than Catholic or Eastern Orthodox Christians who believe that tradition and early church writings have equal authority with the Bible.

Q: What is Qays–Yaman rivalry?
A: Qays–Yaman rivalry or Qaysi-Yamani rivalry refers to the rivalry between the tribes of Qays–Mudar and the Yaman.

Q: What is 1970 California gubernatorial election?
A: The California gubernatorial election, 1970 was held on November 3, 1970.

Q: What is Fashion Bug?
A: Fashion Bug is a women's clothing retailer.

Q: What is Gardanne?
A: Gardanne is a commune of 20,700 people (2005).

Q: What is Wolterstorffina mirei?
A: The Mount Okou Wolterstorff toad or swamp forest tree toad (Wolterstorffina mirei) is a toad.

Q: What is Historical provinces of France?
A: The Kingdom of France was organized into provinces until March 4, 1790, when the establishment of the departments abolished the existing provinces.

Q: What is Grave with the little hands?
A: The monument Van Gorkum-Van Aefferden, more well known as the "grave with the little hands" is a monumental tombstone in the Dutch Empire.

Q: What is Enrico Crispolti?
A: Enrico Crispolti (18 April 1933 – 8 December 2018) was an Italian art critic, curator and art historian.

Q: What is Anushka Sanjeewani?
A: Anushka Sanjeewani, born January 24, 1990 is a cricketer from Sri Lanka.

Q: What is Michael Burgess (singer)?
A: Michael Burgess (July 22, 1945 &ndash; September 28, 2015) was a Canadian actor and singer (tenor).

Q: What is So What (Pink song)?
A: "So What" is a 2008 song performed by American pop rock singer Pink.

Q: What is Illtal?
A: Illtal is a new commune in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Q: What is Growth?
A: Growth means an increase in some quantity over time.

Q: What is Terror Train?
A: Terror Train is a 1980 Canadian horror movie directed by first time director Roger Spottiswoode and starring Jamie Lee Curtis, Ben Johnson, Hart Bochner, Vanity, Anthony Sherwood, Timothy Webber, Joy Boushel.

Q: What is Squeezie?
A: Lucas Hauchard (born 27 January 1996), also known as Squeezie, is a French YouTuber and Streamer.

Q: What is French Island (Victoria)?
A: French Island is a large island in Western Port, Victoria, Australia.

Q: What is Nanabhai Bhatt?
A: Nanabhai Bhatt (12 June 1915 – 24 April 1999) was an Indian film director and producer who worked in Hindi and Gujarati cinema.

Q: What is Children of the Mind?
A: Children of the Mind (1996) is the fourth, and currently the last, book of Orson Scott Card's popular Ender's Game series, a series of science fiction novels that focus on the character Ender Wiggin.

Q: What is Nevada County?
A: Nevada County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Nevada County, Arkansas * Nevada County, California.

Q: What is Pane sciocco?
A: Pane sciocco (also called in Tuscany "pane toscano") is a variety of bread very common in Tuscany and in Umbria, two regions in Italy.

Q: What is Kalinga (province)?
A: Kalinga is a province in the Philippines.

Q: What is States of Venezuela?
A: Venezuela is divided into 23 states (estados), 1 capital district and the federal dependencies that consist of a large number of Venezuelan islands.

Q: What is Cheryl Lynn?
A: Cheryl Lynn (11 March 1957) is an American R&B, disco and pop singer who was most popular in the late 1970s to early 1980s.

Q: What is Tim Mulherin?
A: Timothy Sean Mulherin (24 August 1957 – 7 September 2020) was an Australian politician.

Q: What is Gateshead?
A: Gateshead is a town in Tyne and Wear, England.

Q: What is Dennison, Minnesota?
A: Dennison is a city in Goodhue County and Rice County, Minnesota.

Q: What is 1936–37 NHL season?
A: The 1936–37 NHL season was the 20th season of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is CBDC?
A: CBDC can be * Central bank digital currency, a digital currency * CBDC-FM, a radio station licensed to Mayo, Yukon, Canada * Cardiff Bay Development Corporation, a company.

Q: What is Adventures of Captain Wrongel?
A: Adventures of Captain Wrongel () is a 1976 Soviet animation miniseries directed by David Cherkassky.

Q: What is Jerzu?
A: Jerzu (Jèrsu) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy.

Q: What is Lafayette, Indiana?
A: Lafayette is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Q: What is Mike Stepovich?
A: Michael Anthony "Mike" Stepovich (March 12, 1919 &ndash; February 14, 2014) was an American lawyer and politician.

Q: What is People Get Ready?
A: "People Get Ready" is a 1965 song by The Impressions.

Q: What is WAGR Z class?
A: The WAGR Z class were a total of 3 small diesel-mechanical locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1953 to 1983.

Q: What is Voot?
A: Voot, Launched in March 2016, from the digital arms of Viacom 18.

Q: What is International Youth Arts Festival?
A: International Youth Arts Festival (IYAF) is an annual youth arts festival held in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames every July.

Q: What is Tennant Creek?
A: Tennant Creek () is a town in the Northern Territory of Australia, about 500 km north of Alice Springs and 1000 km south of Darwin, Northern Territory The explorer John McDouall Stuart was the first European to visit the area in 1860, but was attacked by warriors from the Warramunga at Attack Creek.

Q: What is Oy, pri luzhku?
A: "Oy, pri luzhku, pri luzhke" (lit.

Q: What is Data (computing)?
A: Data is a sequence of numbers, words, or other symbols.

Q: What is Mount Herzl Educational Center?
A: Mount Herzl Educational Center () is also known as the The Stella and Alexander Margolis Educational Center.

Q: What is Ichiyo Shimizu?
A: Ichiyo Shimizu (清水市代, Shimizu Ichiyo, born January 9, 1969) is a Japanese women's professional shogi player ranked 7-dan.

Q: What is Gwyneth Paltrow?
A: Gwyneth Kate Paltrow (born September 28, 1972) is an American actress and singer.

Q: What is Civil Rights Act of 1968?
A: The Civil Rights Act of 1968 () is a landmark law in the United States signed into law by United States President Lyndon B.

Q: What is Indigofera?
A: Indigofera is a big genus of about 700 species of flowering plants.

Q: What is Bedroom Mazurka?
A: Bedroom Mazurka is a 1970 Danish comedy movie directed by John Hildard and starring Ole Søloft, Axel Strøbye, Birte Tove.

Q: What is Urgh! A Music War?
A: Urgh! A Music War is a 1981 British concert movie featuring performances by punk rock, new wave, and post-punk bands and artists.

Q: What is Springfield, Ohio?
A: Springfield is a city in southwestern Ohio.

Q: What is Q1 (building)?
A: Q1 (which means Queensland number 1) is a skyscraper on the Gold Coast.

Q: What is WWE United Kingdom Championship?
A: The WWE United Kingdom Championship, later known as the NXT United Kingdom Championship from 2020 to 2022, was a professional wrestling title owned by WWE and competed for by the men of NXT UK.

Q: What is Stratford Festival?
A: The Stratford Festival, formerly called the Stratford Shakespeare Festival, is an annual theatre festival held in Stratford, Ontario, Canada.

Q: What is Barry Sheerman?
A: Barry John Sheerman (born 17 August 1940) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician.

Q: What is Disciples of Christ?
A: The Disciples of Christ are an American Christian Christian denomination The Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) started in Indianapolis, Indiana.

Q: What is Badia Polesine?
A: Badia Polesine is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Rovigo in the Italian region Veneto.

Q: What is Tommy Curtis?
A: Tommy Curtis (January 8, 1952August 3, 2021) was an American college basketball player.

Q: What is Nauru national soccer team?
A: The Nauru national soccer is the soccer team that comes from Nauru.

Q: What is Jeanne Moreau?
A: Jeanne Moreau (23 January 1928 &ndash; 31 July 2017) was a French actress particularly associated with the French "new wave" cinema.

Q: What is Winona Ryder?
A: Winona Laura Horowitz (born October 29, 1971), better known under her professional name Winona Ryder, is an American actress.

Q: What is Jamelia – The Collection?
A: Jamelia – The Collection is the second greatest hits album by British singer-songwriter Jamelia.

Q: What is Al-Ahsa Oasis?
A: Al-Ahsa, sometimes Al-Hasa, El Hasa, or Hadjar is a traditional oasis region in eastern Saudi Arabia.

Q: What is Non-interventionism?
A: Non-interventionism or non-intervention is a foreign policy that holds a country should avoid all wars unless it is defending itself from attack.

Q: What is Kenneth Arrow?
A: Kenneth Joseph Arrow (August 23, 1921 &ndash; February 21, 2017) was an American economist.

Q: What is Penny Red?
A: The Penny Red was a postage stamp issued in 1841 to replace the Penny Black.

Q: What is Darryl Jones?
A: Darryl Jones (born December 11, 1961), also known as "The Munch", is an American bass player.

Q: What is Saint-Maurice District?
A: Saint-Maurice is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Q: What is Hauts-de-Seine?
A: Hauts-de-Seine is a department which is the western inner suburbs of Paris in the Île-de-France region.

Q: What is Seshat?
A: Seshat was the ancient Egyptian idea of knowledge, shown as a goddess.

Q: What is Tropaeolum?
A: Tropaeolum is a genus of roughly 80 species of annual and perennial herbaceous flowering plants and the only genus in the family Tropaeolaceae.

Q: What is 2022 CONCACAF W Championship?
A: The 2022 CONCACAF Women's Championship was the 11th time they held this competition.

Q: What is Elizabeth Monroe?
A: Elizabeth Kortright Monroe (June 30, 1768 – September 23, 1830) was the wife of James Monroe.

Q: What is Wouter Bos?
A: Wouter Jacob Bos (born July 14, 1963) was a Dutch minister of finance, deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Dutch Labour Party.

Q: What is Fife, Washington?
A: Fife is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Q: What is British Rail Class 74?
A: British Rail class 74 was an electro-diesel locomotive that operated on the Southern Region of British Railways, rebuilt from redundant Class 71 locomotives in the late 1960s.

Q: What is Angel on My Shoulder?
A: Angel on My Shoulder may refer to: *Angel on My Shoulder (movie), starring Paul Muni *"Angel on My Shoulder" (song) by Gareth Gates *"Angel on My Shoulder" (song) by Kaskade *Angel on My Shoulder, autobiography of singer Natalie Cole *Shoulder angel.

Q: What is Milan Dudić?
A: Milan Dudić (born November 1, 1979 in Kraljevo, former Yugoslavia, now Serbia) is a former professional football player from Serbia.

Q: What is President of Moldova?
A: The president of the Republic of Moldova () is the head of state of Moldova.

Q: What is Treaty of Brest-Litovsk?
A: The Treaty of Brest Litovsk was signed on March 3, 1918 between the new Bolshevik government of Russia and the Central Powers (German Empire, Austria-Hungary, Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire).

Q: What is Amphoteric oxide?
A: Amphoteric oxides are oxides which have properties of both acidic and basic oxides.

Q: What is Galina Prozumenshchikova?
A: Galina Nikolayevna Prozumenshchikova (, ); 26 November 1948 &ndash; 19 July 2015) was a Soviet breaststroke swimmer.

Q: What is Bishkek?
A: Bishkek (Бишкек) is the capital city of Kyrgyzstan.

Q: What is Alresford?
A: Alresford is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England.

Q: What is Motorcycle?
A: SR R1100S A motorcycle (or motorbike) is a vehicle used to transport people from one place to another.

Q: What is Laplace transform?
A: The Laplace transform is a way to turn functions into other functions in order to do certain calculations more easily.

Q: What is The Elders (organization)?
A: The Elders is an international non-governmental organization of public figures known as elder statesmen, peace activists, and human rights advocates.

Q: What is Birmingham Triennial Music Festival?
A: where the festival was held from 1837 The Birmingham Triennial Musical Festival was a festival of classical music that used to be held in Birmingham, England.

Q: What is Dilip Joshi?
A: Dilip Joshi, popularly known for his role of Jethalal Gada in the Indian sitcom Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah, is an Indian television and film actor.

Q: What is Vakhtang Balavadze?
A: Vakhtang Balavadze (Georgian: ვახტანგ ბალავაძე, (November 20, 1927 &ndash; July 25, 2018) was a Georgian welterweight freestyle wrestler.

Q: What is Niederschaeffolsheim?
A: Niederschaeffolsheim is a commune.

Q: What is London County Council?
A: London County Council (LCC) was the principal local government body for the County of London, during its whole existence (1889-1965), and the first London-wide general municipal authority that was directly elected.

Q: What is Steelyard?
A: The Steelyard was a place in London for trading.

Q: What is Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Colombia)?
A: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MRE) () also known as the Chancellery (), is the Cabinet position of the Government of Colombia responsible for the international relations of Colombia and the country's foreign policy.

Q: What is Chrome plating?
A: Chrome plating is the coating of a metal object with a thin layer of chromium metal, also known as chrome.

Q: What is Estates Theatre?
A: The Estates Theatre or Stavovské divadlo in Prague is one of the oldest and most beautiful opera houses in Europe.

Q: What is Golden Foot?
A: The Golden Foot is an international Association football The winner of the award leaves a permanent mould of his footprints on "The Champions Promenade", on the seafront of the Principality of Monaco.

Q: What is Ion Ciubuc?
A: Ion Ciubuc (May 29, 1943 – January 29, 2018) was a Moldovan politician.

Q: What is Club Puebla?
A: Club Puebla (formerly "Puebla F.C.") is a Mexican football club from Puebla, Mexico, competing in the Liga MX.

Q: What is Byron, Wyoming?
A: Byron is a town in the American state of Wyoming.

Q: What is Luxembourg City?
A: The city of Luxembourg (, , German: Luxemburg), also known as Luxembourg City (, , German: Stadt Luxemburg), is a commune with city status, and the capital of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Q: What is Jeremy Strong (actor)?
A: Jeremy Strong (born December 25, 1978) is an American actor.

Q: What is Manoel Island?
A: Manoel Island () is a small island which forms part of Gżira in Marsamxett Harbour, Malta.

Q: What is William L. Guy?
A: William Lewis Guy (September 30, 1919 &ndash; April 26, 2013) was an American politician who was the governor of the U.S.

Q: What is Mount Pleasant, South Carolina?
A: Mount Pleasant is a coastal town in eastern South Carolina.

Q: What is Charles Kay?
A: Charles Kay (born Charles Piff, 31 August 1930 &ndash; 8 January 2025) was an English actor.

Q: What is Tropical Storm Bret (2005)?
A: Tropical Storm Bret was a weak storm that only lasted from June 28 to June 29.

Q: What is BurgerFi?
A: BurgerFi is an American hamburger restaurant chain.

Q: What is Oberhofen, Aargau?
A: Oberhofen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Mettauertal and district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Q: What is Huawei P30?
A: The Huawei P30, Huawei P30 Pro and Huawei P30 Lite are smartphones developed and made by Huawei.

Q: What is Bento Fernandes?
A: Bento Fernandes is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte.

Q: What is Lamiales?
A: The order Lamiales is a taxon in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants.

Q: What is Meitei astronomy?
A: The astronomy of Meitei civilisation deals with celestial objects, space, and the physical universe as a whole.

Q: What is Amanda?
A: Amanda [ uh-man-duh ] is a female given name.

Q: What is Wretch 32?
A: Jermaine Scott Sinclair (born 9 March 1985), better known by his stage name Wretch 32, is an English rapper, singer, and songwriter.

Q: What is Arctic char?
A: Arctic char or Arctic charr, Salvelinus alpinus, is a cold water fish in the family Salmonidae.

Q: What is Echizen Ono Castle?
A: Echizen Ono Castle is a Japanese castle that is in Ono City, Fukui Prefecture.

Q: What is Winnie Madikizela-Mandela?
A: Winnie Madikizela–Mandela (born Nomzamo Winfreda Zanyiwe Madikizela; 26 September 1936 &ndash; 2 April 2018) was a South African politician.

Q: What is Jamaica national under-17 football team?
A: The Jamaica national under-17 football team represents Jamaica in youth international football team.

Q: What is Lula, Mississippi?
A: Lula is a town in Coahoma County, Mississippi, United States.

Q: What is Soldier Field?
A: Soldier Field is a large stadium in Chicago.

Q: What is Demo (music)?
A: A demo, in music, is the first version of a song or album.

Q: What is Olympia Centre?
A: Olympia Centre is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States.

Q: What is Freehold Township, New Jersey?
A: Freehold Township is a township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.

Q: What is Alfonso XI of Castile?
A: Alfonso XI (13 August 1311 – 26 October 1350) nicknamed the Avenger () was the King of Castile and León from 1312 until his death in 1350.

Q: What is Home Instead?
A: Home Instead Senior Care is a multinational network of franchises specializing in non-medical in-home Wall Street Journal, Entrepreneur Magazine, Franchise Times, Inc.

Q: What is Peter Ellis (childcare worker)?
A: Peter Hugh McGregor Ellis (30 March 1958 &ndash; 4 September 2019) was a New Zealand childcare worker who was wrongly accused of child sexual abuse.

Q: What is Villenbach?
A: Villenbach () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Q: What is Johnny Lawrence?
A: Johnny Lawrence is a fictional character who was played by Billy Zabka in the 1984 movie The Karate Kid and its sequel The Karate Kid Part II and is one of the two protagonists of the television series Cobra Kai.

Q: What is Active fault?
A: of the New Madrid Earthquake, that happened in 1811.

Q: What is Zaw Bhone Hein?
A: Zaw Bhone Hein (; ; born Myanmar) is a Burmese military historian and commentator.

Q: What is Madh'hab?
A: A madhhab (Arabic مذهب [mæðhæb] pl.

Q: What is Wang Su-bok?
A: Wang Su-bok (, ; 5 March 1917 – 1 June 2003) was a singer from North Korea, who was the most popular singer in Japanese-occupied Korea in 1935.

Q: What is Karla Álvarez?
A: Karla Mercedes Álvarez Báez (15 October 1972 – 15 November 2013) was a Mexican actress.

Q: What is Asnières-sur-Seine?
A: Asnières-sur-Seine is a town in France near Paris.

Q: What is Goldman Sachs?
A: The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., or just Goldman Sachs is an investment banking and securities firm.

Q: What is Bridekirk?
A: Bridekirk is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England.

Q: What is Seguridad Social?
A: Seguridad Social is a Spanish rock music band from Benetússer, Valencian Community Casany met him when he was a member of Paranoicos.

Q: What is Mary Douglas?
A: Mary Douglas, DBE, FBA (25 March 1921 – 16 May 2007) was a British anthropologist, known for her writings on human culture and symbolism.

Q: What is Jamie O'Hara (singer)?
A: James Paul O'Hara (August 8, 1950 – January 7, 2021) was an American country singer-songwriter and guitarist.

Q: What is Fuveau?
A: Fuveau is a commune of 8,558 people (2006).

Q: What is Bruno Iwuoha?
A: Bruno Obinna Iwuoha (6 October 1952 — 10 April 2021) was a Nigerian actor.

Q: What is Diana Athill?
A: interview Diana Athill OBE (21 December 1917 &ndash; 23 January 2019) was a British literary editor, novelist and memoirist.

Q: What is Bering Sea?
A: The Bering Sea is a marginal sea of the Pacific Ocean.

Q: What is Malacca Sultanate Palace Museum?
A: The Malacca Sultanate Palace Museum is in Malacca City, Malacca, Malaysia.

Q: What is Malvern, Iowa?
A: Malvern is a city in Mills County in Iowa.

Q: What is Gojek?
A: PT Aplikasi Karya Anak Bangsa (most commonly known as Gojek) is a Jakarta based on-demand service platform.

Q: What is Algebraic variety?
A: is a projective algebraic variety.

Q: What is The Painted Veil (2006 movie)?
A: The Painted Veil is a 2006 romantic drama movie that was directed by John Curran.

Q: What is Supertalent in Vlaanderen?
A: Supertalent in Vlaanderen is a Flemish reality game show television series adaptation of Simon Cowell's Got Talent franchise, produced by FremantleMedia, aired on VT4 from March 15 to May 10, 2007.

Q: What is Townshend Acts?
A: The Townshend Duties, formally known as the Townshend Acts, was a tax passed by the British.

Q: What is 15?
A: 15 is a year in the 1st century.

Q: What is Universal Declaration of Human Rights?
A: and UNs Universal Declaration of Human Rights (1949) The Universal Declaration of Human Rights is a declaration (something said in an important way) by the United Nations General Assembly.

Q: What is Maynor Figueroa?
A: Maynor Alexis Figueroa Róchez (born 2 May 1983) is a Honduran former professional footballer.

Q: What is Ganagobie?
A: Ganagobie is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Q: What is Jack Layton?
A: John Gilbert "Jack" Layton (July 18, 1950 – August 22, 2011) was a Canadian politician and the Leader of the Official Opposition.

Q: What is Saadi Shirazi?
A: Sheikh Muslih-ud-Din Mushrif-ibn-Abdullah Saadi Shirazi (1184-1291) () or Saadi was a Persian poet.

Q: What is Bella Moretti?
A: Bella Moretti (born March 12, 1989 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is the stage name of an Afro-American model and pornographic actress.

Q: What is Saint-Pierre, Saint Pierre and Miquelon?
A: Saint-Pierre is the capital of Saint Pierre and Miquelon (France).

Q: What is Ghatixalus?
A: Ghatixalus is a group of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae, subfamily Rhacophorinae.

Q: What is M Alimullah Miyan?
A: M Alimullah Miyan () was a Bangladeshi academic.

Q: What is São Paulo Museum of Art?
A: The São Paulo Museum of Art is an art museum on Paulista Avenue in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.

Q: What is Bay City, Michigan?
A: The American city of Bay City is a small city in the state of Michigan, United States.

Q: What is Robert Torricelli?
A: Robert Guy Torricelli (born August 27, 1951), is an American attorney and former politician.

Q: What is Hancock County, Maine?
A: Hancock County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States.

Q: What is Étienne-François Le Tourneur?
A: Étienne-François-Louis-Honoré Letourneur, Le Tourneur, or Le Tourneur de la Manche (15 March 1751 – 4 October 1817) was a French lawyer, soldier, and politician of the French Revolution.

Q: What is Michael Che?
A: Michael Che (born Michael Che Campbell; May 19, 1983) is an American comedian, writer, and actor.

Q: What is Eckerö?
A: Eckerö is a municipality in the Åland Islands, Finland.

Q: What is Blasphemy?
A: (The Ship of Fools); woodcut attributed to Albrecht Dürer .

Q: What is Clifford the Big Red Dog (2019 TV series)?
A: Clifford the Big Red Dog is an animated children's television series.

Q: What is Man on Fire (2004 movie)?
A: Man on Fire is a 2004 thriller movie directed by Tony Scott.

Q: What is Cluedo (game show)?
A: Cluedo was a UK television game show.

Q: What is Glen Matlock?
A: Glen Matlock (born 27 August 1956) is the first bassist of the British punk group Sex Pistols.

Q: What is Tai Tapu?
A: Tai Tapu is a small town/settlement on State Highway 75.

Q: What is Midgard?
A: à Miðgarði meaning "in Midgard" – "in Middle Earth", on the Fyrby Runestone (Sö 56) in Södermanland, Sweden.

Q: What is Martha Karua?
A: Martha Wangari Karua (; born 22 September 1957) is a Kenyan politician.

Q: What is Berlin Zoological Garden?
A: The Berlin Zoological Garden is 86 acres in size and houses 1,200 species.

Q: What is Thomas Chandy?
A: Thomas Chandy (29 October 1947 – 20 December 2019) was an Indian businessman and politician.

Q: What is Good Morning America?
A: Good Morning America is an American breakfast television program hosted through the American Broadcasting Company.

Q: What is Papurana milleti?
A: The Dalat frog, Banna frog, Millet's forestfrog or Millet's frog (Papurana milleti) is a frog from Vietnam, Thailand and Cambodia.

Q: What is Salena (singer)?
A: Selina-Maria Edbauer (born 11 March 1998), known professionally as Salena, is an Austrian singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Jake Blackmore?
A: Joseph Henry "Jake" Blackmore (10 March 1883 - 26 March 1964) was an international rugby forward who played rugby union for Abertillery and rugby league with Hull Kingston Rovers.

Q: What is Wildflowers (Tom Petty song)?
A: "Wildflowers" is a song by Tom Petty and the opening track from the album of the same name.

Q: What is Yellow Rose of Texas?
A: The Yellow Rose of Texas (Harison's Yellow) is a flower in the family Rosaceae.

Q: What is Love Story (song)?
A: "Love Story" is a 2008 song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift.

Q: What is Semi-dome?
A: A semi-dome(also called a "half-dome") is the term in architecture for half a dome.

Q: What is Le Locle District?
A: Le Locle District is one of the six districts of the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland.

Q: What is 2025 European power outage?
A: On 28 April 2025, a huge power outage happened in Portugal, Spain, and southern France.

Q: What is Thunaojam?
A: Thunaojam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin.

Q: What is Kill switch?
A: A kill switch, sometimes called an emergency stop, is a part of a user interface.

Q: What is Murmansk State Technical University?
A: The Murmansk State Technical University (Russian: Мурманский Государственный Технический Университет, Murmanskiy Gosudarstvennyy Tekhnicheskiy Universitet; abbreviated as MSTU in English and МГТУ in Russian) is a public university in Murmansk.

Q: What is Emma Tillman?
A: Emma Fanchon Faust Tillman ( Faust; November 22, 1892 &ndash; January 28, 2007) was the world's oldest living person for four days in late January 2007.

Q: What is Number line?
A: A number line is a line with integers (simply ordinary numbers, ...-3, -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, 3...) on it extending forever in both directions.

Q: What is Bynum, Texas?
A: Bynum is a town in Hill County, Texas, United States.

Q: What is Pittsboro, Mississippi?
A: Pittsboro is the county seat of Calhoun County, Mississippi, United States.

Q: What is Uuvudhiya Constituency?
A: Uuvudhiya Constituency is the biggest constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia.

Q: What is Tullimonstrum?
A: Tullimonstrum, colloquially known as the Tully Monster, is an extinct bilaterian animal that lived in shallow tropical coastal waters of muddy estuaries during the Pennsylvanian geological period, about 300 million years ago.

Q: What is Wendell Willkie?
A: Wendell Lewis Willkie (born Lewis Wendell Willkie; February 18, 1892 – October 8, 1944) was an American lawyer, corporate executive, and politician.

Q: What is Guendalina Sartori?
A: Guendalina Sartori is an Italian archer.

Q: What is Collegium musicum?
A: of a collegium in the 1790s A collegium musicum (plural: collegia musica) is a group of music lovers and musicians.

Q: What is Catherine Colonna?
A: Catherine Colonna (born 16 April 1956) is a French politician.

Q: What is San Martín Region?
A: San Martín is a region in northern Peru.

Q: What is Burlington Coat Factory?
A: Burlington Coat Factory is a coat factory/store/warehouse established in 1924.

Q: What is ICBC Argentina?
A: ICBC Argentina is an Argentine banking entity owned by ICBC.

Q: What is Claude Peretti?
A: Claude Peretti (24 February 1942 – 8 September 2020) was a French footballer.

Q: What is Kakyen?
A: Kakyen, also known as Kakyen Mingamba or Kakyel Meengamba, was a big man-eating bird mentioned in the Meitei mythology, Meitei princes, Taothingmang and Yoimongba.

Q: What is Over the Hedge?
A: Over the Hedge is a 2006 animated comedy movie based on the comic strip of the same name and the Pink Floyd Album, The Wall.

Q: What is Pierre Cardin (brand)?
A: Pierre Cardin SA is a French luxury brand started by designer Pierre Cardin in 1950.

Q: What is Nicoya?
A: Nicoya is a town in Costa Rica's Guanacaste Province.

Q: What is Livingstone, Zambia?
A: Livingstone is a city in southern Zambia.

Q: What is British Rail Class 307?
A: awaits its correct departure time at London Liverpool Street station.

Q: What is Florida Air National Guard?
A: The Florida Air National Guard (FL ANG) is an Airforce organization of the State of Florida, United States of America.

Q: What is Thompson, Connecticut?
A: Thompson is a rural town in Windham County, Connecticut, United States.

Q: What is Gerontology?
A: Gerontology (from Greek: γέρων, geron, "old man" and -λογία, -logy, "study of") is the study of the social, psychological and biological aspects of aging created by Ilya Mechnikov.

Q: What is Mike Rawlings?
A: Michael Scott Rawlings (born August 25, 1954) is an American businessman and politician.

Q: What is Ethel Byrne?
A: Ethel Higgins Byrne (1883-1955) was an American Progressive Era radical feminist.

Q: What is Cornelius Edward Gallagher?
A: Cornelius Edward "Neil" Gallagher (March 2, 1921 &ndash; October 17, 2018) was an American Democratic Party politician.

Q: What is Man of Constant Sorrow?
A: "Man of Constant Sorrow" (also known as "I Am a Man of Constant Sorrow") is a traditional American folk song first recorded by Dick Burnett, a partially blind fiddler from Kentucky.

Q: What is Kid Flash?
A: Kid Flash is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.

Q: What is Burgwindheim?
A: Burgwindheim is a municipality with market rights in the west of the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community (Verwaltungsgemeinschaft) of Ebrach.

Q: What is A Feast for Crows?
A: A Feast for Crows is the fourth of seven planned books in A Song of Ice and Fire, a fantasy series written by George R.

Q: What is Larry Elder 2024 presidential campaign?
A: On April 20, 2023, Larry Elder, an American right-wing political commentator and conservative talk radio host who ran for Governor of California in 2021, announced his campaign for president of the United States.

Q: What is Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences?
A: The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) is a professional honorary group meant for the advancement of the arts and sciences of movies.

Q: What is Hedjet?
A: Hedjet is the name for the White Crown of Upper Egypt, used in Ancient Egypt.

Q: What is Herta Staal?
A: Herta Staal (29 March 1930 &ndash; 2 October 2021) was an Austrian actress.

Q: What is Rockhampton?
A: Rockhampton is a city in Queensland, Australia.

Q: What is Vasyl Komisarenko?
A: Vasyl Pavlovych Komisarenko (January 1, 1907, Chernyakhiv - April 7, 1993, Kyiv) was a Ukrainian endocrinologist and pathophysiologist, academician of the Academy of Medical Sciences of Ukraine and academician of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, organizer and director of the Institute of Endocrinology and Metabolism.

Q: What is Karasjok (village)?
A: Karasjok (Norwegian) or (Northern Sámi: ) is the administrative centre of Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.

Q: What is Urban fantasy?
A: Urban fantasy is a subgenre of fantasy that uses supernatural elements in an tropes, plot-elements, and unusual characters without having to create of an entire imaginary world.

Q: What is List of ecumenical patriachs of Constantinople?
A: == Byzantine period == { |+ !Portrait !Name !Tenure !Notes |- | |Anatolius |451-3 July 458 |Archbishop from November 449-451 |- | |Gennadius |3 July 458-17 November 471 | |- | |Acacius |17 November 471-26 November 489 | |- | |Fravitta |26 November 489-March 490 | |- | |Euphemius |March 490-c.

Q: What is Niedernberg?
A: Niedernberg is a municipality in the Miltenberg district in the Lower Franconia region in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is John Wightman?
A: John Matthew Wightman (October 2, 1938 – January 5, 2017) was an American politician from the state of Nebraska.

Q: What is Sutter Creek, California?
A: Sutter Creek is a city in Amador County, California, United States.

Q: What is Gray?
A: Gray is the color of black and white mixed together.

Q: What is Beaumont-de-Pertuis?
A: Beaumont-de-Pertuis is a commune of 934 people (1999).

Q: What is Tekken Tag Tournament?
A: Tekken Tag Tournament is an update to Tekken 3.

Q: What is Battle of Fort Blair?
A: The Battle of Fort Blair (also known as the Battle of Fort Baxter) was a Civil War battle.

Q: What is Sunamganj District?
A: Sunamganj (, ) is a district in north-eastern Bangladesh.

Q: What is Gilles Binchois?
A: Gilles Binchois (probably born in Mons about 1400; died Soignies, 20 September, 1460), was a Franco-Flemish composer.

Q: What is Dalia Itzik?
A: Dalia Itzik ( Dalya Itsik; born 20 October 1952) is a former Israeli politician.

Q: What is Burlington, Iowa?
A: Burlington is a city in Des Moines County, Iowa, United States.

Q: What is Arizona's 2nd congressional district?
A: Arizona's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in southeast Arizona.

Q: What is Pinar del Río?
A: Pinar del Río is the capital city in Pinar del Río Province in northwestern Cuba.

Q: What is Sunnegga?
A: Sunnegga is an Alpine area in the canton of Wallis.

Q: What is Geo (microformat)?
A: found on a Wikipedia page by Firefox's Operator extension Geo is a microformat for marking up WSG84 geographical coordinates in (X)HTML.

Q: What is Laurens Hammond?
A: Laurens Hammond (11 January 1895 - 3 July 1973) was American inventor and he also made musical instruments.

Q: What is Delray Beach, Florida?
A: Delray Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Q: What is Robin Hood?
A: in Nottingham Robin Hood is a folk hero from the Middle Ages in England.

Q: What is 2023 Union Square riot?
A: On August 4, 2023, at around 3:30 p.m.

Q: What is List of Russian-language poets?
A: Poets who wrote much of their poetry in the Russian language.

Q: What is What If (Creed song)?
A: "What If" is a 2000 song by Creed and is the second single from their second studio album Human Clay.

Q: What is Anti-German sentiment?
A: Anti-German sentiment (Germanophobia or Teutophobia) is an opposition to, or fear of, Germany, Germans, its culture and the German language.

Q: What is Good and bad?
A: __FORCETOC__ The words "good" and "bad" are a basic way of talking about value or ethics.

Q: What is Traditional Chinese medicine?
A: Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is a branch of traditional medicine from China.

Q: What is Alaska Democratic Party?
A: The Alaska Democratic Party is the Democratic Party in Alaska.

Q: What is Strabane?
A: Strabane (Irish: An Srath Ban) is a town in the west of County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.

Q: What is Law Lords?
A: A Law Lord, officially called a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary, was a judge given a place in the British House of Lords.

Q: What is Japanese mythology?
A: Japanese mythology is a system of beliefs that includes Shinto and Buddhist traditions.

Q: What is Visions of Gandhi?
A: Visions of Gandhi is the third studio album by American hip hop group, Jedi Mind Tricks.

Q: What is Birmingham Town Hall?
A: Birmingham Town Hall is a Grade I listed building for concerts and meetings in Victoria Square, Birmingham 1, England.

Q: What is Johnny Bravo in The Hukka Mega Mighty Ultra Extreme Date-O-Rama!?
A: Johnny Bravo in The Hukka Mega Mighty Ultra Extreme Date-O-Rama! (Also known as: Johnny Bravo Date-O-Rama!) is a party video game developed by EM Studios and published by Blast! Entertainment for the PlayStation 2.

Q: What is William Wyndham Grenville, 1st Baron Grenville?
A: William Wyndham Grenville, 1st Baron Grenville PC (25 October 1759–12 January 1834), was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister.

Q: What is Parakou?
A: Parakou is the largest city in northern Benin.

Q: What is William Wilfred Campbell?
A: William Wilfred Campbell (1 June 1860 – 1 January 1918) was a Canadian poet.

Q: What is Valentina Tăzlăuanu?
A: Valentina Tăzlăuanu (5 January 1950 – 3 June 2020) was a Moldovan essayist, journalist and theatre critic.

Q: What is Wang Kuang-hui?
A: Wang Kuang-hui (; 12 November 1964 – 30 August 2021) was a Taiwanese professional baseball player and coach.

Q: What is WTTW?
A: WTTW (channel 11) is a Public Brodcasting Service WTTW is one of two PBS member stations serving the Chicago market, alongside Gary, Indiana–licensed WYIN (channel 56).

Q: What is The Man from G.R.A.M.P.A.?
A: "The Man from G.R.A.M.P.A." is the 21st episode of The Simpsons 32nd season.

Q: What is Atlanta Flames?
A: The Atlanta Flames were an ice hockey team in the NHL from Atlanta, Georgia, USA from 1972 to 1980.

Q: What is Kristen Danihy?
A: Kristen Danihy is a retired handball player from USA.

Q: What is Yak?
A: The Giant King: Yak: The Giant King () is a 2012 animated comedy science fiction family movie made in Thailand and distributed by Workpoint Picture, created by their animation studio Ittirit House.

Q: What is Brett Gelman?
A: Brett Clifford Gelman (born October 6, 1976) is an American actor and comedian.

Q: What is Nightmare?
A: by Johann Heinrich Füssli (who was also known as John Henry Fuseli).

Q: What is Pakistani nationality law?
A: The Pakistani nationality law are the laws on citizenship of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.

Q: What is Catalina y Sebastián?
A: Catalina y Sebastián is a Mexican telenovela produced by TV Azteca and starring Silvia Navarro and Sergio Basañez as protagonists.

Q: What is Heredia Province?
A: Heredia is a province of Costa Rica.

Q: What is Cartoon Network (French TV channel)?
A: Cartoon Network is a French pay television channel.

Q: What is Matt Moore (American football)?
A: Matthew Erickson Moore (born August 9, 1984 in Van Nuys, California) is an American Football quarterback for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League.

Q: What is Cumbria?
A: Cumbria is a county in England.

Q: What is Debenham?
A: Debenham is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England.

Q: What is Manuëla Kemp?
A: Manuëla “Maan” Kemp (13 February 1963 – 17 January 2025) was a Dutch singer and television presenter.

Q: What is Losin' It?
A: Losin' It is a 1983 Canadian American sex comedy movie directed by Curtis Hanson and starring Tom Cruise, Shelley Long, Jackie Earle Haley, John Stockwell, Henry Darrow, Mario Marcelino, Rick Rossovich.

Q: What is Fountain of Apollo?
A: The Fountain of Apollo () is a fountain at the Palace of Versailles.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Foix?
A: The arrondissement of Foix is an arrondissement of France.

Q: What is Lafourche Crossing, Louisiana?
A: Lafourche Crossing is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Johann Christian Bach?
A: , 1776 Johann Christian Bach (born Leipzig, 5 September 1735; died London, 1 January 1782) was a composer of the Classical period.

Q: What is Pedro Peña (actor)?
A: Pedro Peña Allén (December 14, 1925 &ndash; October 2, 2014) was an Spanish actor.

Q: What is Mirjam Pressler?
A: , 2015 Mirjam Pressler (18 June 1940 – 16 January 2019) was a German novelist and translator.

Q: What is Aerospace?
A: Aerospace is a term used to talk about the atmosphere and outer space.

Q: What is Hsinchu County?
A: Hsinchu County (Chinese:新竹縣; POJ: Sin-tek-kōan) is a county in northwestern Taiwan.

Q: What is Arakawa River?
A: The Arakawa River () is one of the principal rivers flowing through Tokyo, the capital city of Japan.

Q: What is 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup?
A: The 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup was a big Australia is part of the Asian Confederation, while New Zealand is in the Oceanian Confederation.

Q: What is Cantuta?
A: A cantuta (Cantua buxifolia) is a type of a flower.

Q: What is East Coast Main Line?
A: East Coast Main Line is an electrified main line between London and Edinburgh in United Kingdom.

Q: What is Sony?
A: Sony is a technology company, based in Japan, which makes many electric products.

Q: What is List of battles involving the Kingdom of Mewar?
A: The Kingdom of Mewar was a Hindu Rajput Kingdom based in regions of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Sindh that ruled over 1383 years (566 CE-1949) untill accession to India.

Q: What is Rio Grande (movie)?
A: Rio Grande is a 1950 American romantic Western movie directed by John Ford, and distributed by Republic Pictures.

Q: What is Siret (river)?
A: The Siret River (Ukrainian: Серет, Russian: Сирет , Hungarian: Szeret) is a river that comes up from the Carpathians in the northern Bukovina region of Ukraine.

Q: What is Rabiu Kwankwaso?
A: Rabi'u Musa Kwankwaso, FNSE, FNIQS (born 21 October 1956) is a Nigerian politician who was the Governor of Kano State, minister of depence of the fourth republic and senator.

Q: What is Løten?
A: Løten is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway.

Q: What is List of colors by hue?
A: This is a list of colors based on hue.

Q: What is APIA Leichhardt FC?
A: APIA Leichhardt Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Leichhardt, a suburb of Sydney.

Q: What is Aurangabad division?
A: Aurangabad Division is one of the six administrative divisions of Maharashtra state in India.

Q: What is X-ray?
A: X-radiation is a kind of electromagnetic radiation.

Q: What is Ashford?
A: Ashford may refer to: *Ashford, Connecticut *Ashford, Kent in the Borough of Ashford *Ashford, Surrey.

Q: What is All Out (2024)?
A: All Out was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Q: What is Heiner Schuhmann?
A: Heiner Schuhmann (; born 4 November 1948) is a retired German footballer and coach best known for his time at FC Augsburg.

Q: What is Zinaida Nikolaevna Nekrasova?
A: Zinaida Nikolaevna Nekrasova (1846–1915) was the wife of Russian poet Nikolay Nekrasov.

Q: What is Danny Frawley?
A: Daniel Patrick Frawley (8 September 1963 – 9 September 2019) was an Australian rules footballer and football commentator.

Q: What is La Tablada?
A: La Tablada is a city in the Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.

Q: What is Eastern dwarf tree frog?
A: The eastern dwarf tree frog (Litoria fallax) is a frog from Australia.

Q: What is Kundi Paihama?
A: Kundi Paihama (9 December 1944 – 24 July 2020) was an Angolan politician.

Q: What is Laura Harring?
A: Laura Elena, Countess von Bismarck-Schönhausen (née Martínez-Herring; March 3, 1964), commonly known as Laura Harring, is a Mexican-American actress and model.

Q: What is Carver Mead?
A: Carver Andress Mead (born May 1, 1934) is an American scientist and engineer.

Q: What is Saint-Antonin-de-Lacalm?
A: Saint-Antonin-de-Lacalm is a former commune.

Q: What is Great Living Chola Temples?
A: The Great Living Chola Temples were built by kings of the Chola Empire, which stretched over all of south India and the neighbouring islands.

Q: What is Maximilien de Robespierre?
A: Maximilien François Marie Isidore de Robespierre (; 6 May 1758 – 28 July 1794) is one of the best-known leaders of the French Revolution.

Q: What is Motley County, Texas?
A: Motley County is a county in the U.S.

Q: What is Femminiello?
A: A femminiello, also spelled femmeniello is an Italian word for a male with feminine nature and behaviour, and part of an old tradition in Neapolitan culture.

Q: What is List of main rivers of England?
A: This is a list of rivers of England.

Q: What is Indica Watson?
A: Indica Elizabeth Watson (born January 20, 2010) is a English child actress from Deep State.

Q: What is Civil disobedience act?
A: In December 1929, the Indian National Congress Party agreed to start a movement for complete independence from British rule.

Q: What is Tony McCoy (actor)?
A: Tony McCoy (July 5, 1924 - August 2, 2000) was an American actor.

Q: What is UEFA Women's Euro 2025 final?
A: The final of UEFA Women's Euro 2025 happened on 27 July 2025 at St.

Q: What is Game Boy Player?
A: The Game Boy Player is a device for the Nintendo GameCube console that allows a person to be able to play Game Boy, Game Boy Color, and Game Boy Advance video games on the console.

Q: What is Magistrate?
A: A magistrate is a law officer who administers the law in a court.

Q: What is Kaoru Yosano?
A: (August 22, 1938 – May 23, 2017) was a Japanese politician.

Q: What is Benito Juárez?
A: Benito Pablo Juárez García (March 21, 1806 - July 18, 1872) was a Zapotec who served five terms (1858–1861 as interim), (1861–1865), (1865–1867), (1867–1871), and (1871–1872), as President of Mexico.

Q: What is 2015 Mina stampede?
A: Wanwipron, Mecca, pictured in November 2009 On 24 September 2024, a human stampede happened in the neighbourhood of WanwipronThongpliao in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.

Q: What is Selma, Alabama?
A: Selma is a city in and the county seat of Dallas County, Alabama, United States, located on the banks of the Alabama River.

Q: What is Musical Story?
A: Musical Story () is a 1940 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky and Gerbert Rappaport.

Q: What is Supreme Court of Missouri?
A: The Supreme Court of Missouri, is the state supreme court and the highest court in the state of Missouri.

Q: What is Faces of Women?
A: Faces of Women (also known as in French as Visages de femmes) is a 1985 Ivorian French comedy-drama movie directed by Desiré Ecaré and starring Sidiki Bakaba, Albertine N'Guessan, Eugénie Cissé-Roland.

Q: What is Gene Clark?
A: Harold Eugene "Gene" Clark (November 17, 1944 – May 24, 1991) was an American singer and songwriter.

Q: What is Steve McKean?
A: Stephen Ronald McKean ( – 3 May 2021) was an American-born New Zealand basketball coach.

Q: What is Hérault (disambiguation)?
A: Hérault can mean: * Hérault, a department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Mercedes-Benz EQE?
A: The Mercedes-Benz EQE is a battery electric executive car produced by Mercedes-Benz.

Q: What is Sixto Valencia Burgos?
A: Sixto Valencia Burgos (March 28, 1934 &ndash; April 23, 2015) was a Mexican cartoon artist.

Q: What is The International Cat Association?
A: The International Cat Association (TICA) is a cat registry that was established in the United States in 1979.

Q: What is Ronnie Woo Woo?
A: Ronnie "Woo Woo" Wickers (born October 31, 1941) is an American entertainer.

Q: What is Paul Oswald Ahnert?
A: Paul Oswald Ahnert (November 22, 1897 - February 27, 1989) was a German astronomer.

Q: What is Yaggy, Kansas?
A: Yaggy is an unincorporated community in Reno County, Kansas, United States.

Q: What is Chao (Sonic the Hedgehog)?
A: Chao are fictional characters that appear in the Sonic the Hedgehog series of video games.

Q: What is Hussein Arnous?
A: Hussein Arnous (born 1953) is a Syrian politician.

Q: What is Toei Asakusa Line?
A: The Toei Asakusa Line (都営浅草線, とえいあさくさせん) is a metro line of Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation in Tokyo, Japan.

Q: What is Lakehurst, New Jersey?
A: Lakehurst is a borough in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.

Q: What is Bulma?
A: Bulma is a fictional character from the manga and franchise Dragon Ball created by Akira Toriyama.

Q: What is Japanese dormouse?
A: The Japanese dormouse (Glirulus japonicus) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family.

Q: What is Rina Gunawan?
A: Rina Mustikana Gumilang Gunawan, also known as Rina Gunawan, (June 28, 1974 – March 2, 2021) was an Indonesian television host and entrepreneur.

Q: What is Concordat of Worms?
A: The Concordat of Worms was an agreement made on September 23, 1122, between Pope Callixtus II and Holy Roman Emperor Henry V.

Q: What is La Roque-Esclapon?
A: La Roque-Esclapon is a commune of 256 people (2019).

Q: What is Lakeport, California?
A: Lakeport is an incorporated city and county seat of Lake County, California.

Q: What is Szwadron?
A: Szwadron is a 1993 Polish historical movie directed by Juliusz Machulski and starring Aleksander Bednarz, Grzegorz Damiecki, Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu, Janusz Gajos, Wojciech Klata, Maciej Kozłowski.

Q: What is Bariis iskukaris?
A: Bariis Iskukaris, also called Isku-dheh karis or just Bariis is a traditional rice dish from Somalia.

Q: What is Party of Five?
A: Party of Five is an American drama television series.

Q: What is Monza?
A: Monza is a city in the region of Lombardy.

Q: What is Bengt Feldreich?
A: Bengt Walter Feldreich (12 September 1925 &ndash; 21 October 2019) was a Swedish radio and television journalist, producer and television presenter.

Q: What is Will Mellor?
A: William "Will" Mellor (born 3 April 1976 in Bredbury, Stockport, Greater Manchester) is an English actor and former pop star.

Q: What is Dodge Nitro?
A: The Dodge Nitro was a compact SUV that was built by Chrysler's Dodge brand.

Q: What is Greenwood County?
A: Greenwood County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Greenwood County, Kansas * Greenwood County, South Carolina.

Q: What is George Canning?
A: George Canning PC, FRS (11 April 1770 &ndash; 8 August 1827) was a British statesman and politician who was Foreign Secretary and, briefly, Prime Minister.

Q: What is Vaudeloges?
A: Vaudeloges is a former commune.

Q: What is Jorge Batlle Ibáñez?
A: Jorge Luis Batlle Ibáñez (; Batlle; 25 October 1927 &ndash; 24 October 2016) was an Uruguayan politician and lawyer.

Q: What is Monopoly (game)?
A: Monopoly is a board game that is played with two to eight players.

Q: What is Bajram Rexhepi?
A: Bajram Rexhepi (3 June 1954 – 21 August 2017) was a Kosovar politician.

Q: What is Lufengosaurus?
A: Lufengosaurus is a genus of early sauropod dinosaur from the Lower Jurassic of China.

Q: What is Nusantara (planned city)?
A: Nusantara () is a proposed capital region name which will be the next seat of government of Indonesia.

Q: What is Antonio Medellín?
A: Antonio Medellín (15 April 1942 &ndash; 18 June 2017) was a Mexican actor.

Q: What is American University of Beirut?
A: The American University of Beirut (AUB; ) is the first American university to be built in Beirut, Lebanon.

Q: What is François Jacob?
A: François Jacob (17 June 1920 &ndash; 19 April 2013) was a French biologist.

Q: What is Ubuntu-restricted-extras?
A: ubuntu-restricted-extras is a package for Ubuntu, that allows the user to install most of the essential restricted software, due to legal, or copyright reasons.

Q: What is Joseph Stephen Paduano?
A: Joseph Stephen Salupeza Paduano (born January 22, 1965), also known by his nom de guerre Carapali Lualhalti, is a Filipino politician.

Q: What is Hylodes ornatus?
A: The ornate tree toad (Hylodes ornatus) is a frog.

Q: What is FanMail?
A: FanMail is the third studio album by American girl group TLC.

Q: What is Lou Adler?
A: Lou Adler (born December 13, 1933) is a Grammy Award-winning American record producer, music executive, talent manager, songwriter, movie director, and movie producer.

Q: What is List of dinosaurs?
A: The following is a list of dinosaurs.

Q: What is Vincent Auriol?
A: Vincent Jules Auriol (; 27 August 1884 – 1 January 1966) was a French politician.

Q: What is Al-Manar?
A: Al-Manar TV is a television station run by the Lebanese political group Hezbollah.

Q: What is Peter Ecklund?
A: Peter Ecklund (September 27, 1945 – April 8, 2020) was an American jazz cornetist.

Q: What is Barry Corbin?
A: Leonard Barrie Corbin, known as Barry Corbin (born October 16, 1940), is an American actor.

Q: What is Claude Brinegar?
A: Claude Stout Brinegar (December 16, 1926 – March 13, 2009) was an American politician.

Q: What is 2020 UEFA Champions League final?
A: The 2020 UEFA Champions League Final was the final match of the 2019–20 UEFA Champions League.

Q: What is Power Rangers Dino Fury?
A: Power Rangers Dino Fury is a TV show filmed in New Zealand.

Q: What is Pennsylvania Prison Society?
A: The Pennsylvania Prison Society is a non-profit organization.

Q: What is Paradise Papers?
A: The Paradise Papers are a set of 13.4&nbsp;million documents relating to offshore investment.

Q: What is Derek Lawrence?
A: Derek John Lawrence (16 November 1941 – 13 May 2020) was an English record producer.

Q: What is Radioactive (Imagine Dragons song)?
A: "Radioactive" is a song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons.

Q: What is Sterling Hayden?
A: Sterling Walter Hayden (born Sterling Relyea Walter; March 26, 1916 – May 23, 1986) was an American actor, author, and sailor.

Q: What is Achillea millefolium?
A: Achillea millefolium or Yarrow is a flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to the Northern Hemisphere.

Q: What is Bara 4 (constituency)?
A: Bara 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Bara District in Nepal.

Q: What is Krempermoor?
A: Krempermoor is a municipality of the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Q: What is Hafez?
A: Khwajeh Shams al-Din Muhammad Hafez-e Shirazi (also spelled Hafiz) (born between 1310 and 1337, believed to have died at age 69) () or Hafez is a Persian poet.

Q: What is Quail eggs?
A: Quail eggs are eggs from quails that can be eaten.

Q: What is Atlanta metropolitan area?
A: The Atlanta metropolitan area is an area around the city of Atlanta.

Q: What is Michael M. Ryan?
A: Michael McFoster Ryan (March 19, 1929 &ndash; March 1, 2017) was an American actor.

Q: What is Raute language?
A: Raute is a minor Tibeto-Burman language.

Q: What is Ninian Park?
A: Ninian Park was a football stadium in Leckwith, Cardiff, Wales.

Q: What is Meudon?
A: Meudon is a commune of 45,352 people (2017).

Q: What is Most (city)?
A: Most () is a city in the Ústí nad Labem Region in the Czech Republic.

Q: What is Yazidis?
A: The Yazidis (also Yezidis) are an ancient Kurdish ethnoreligious group with Iranian peoples roots indigenous to the region of Kurdistan.

Q: What is Arblade-le-Bas?
A: Arblade-le-Bas is a commune in the Gers department.

Q: What is Safelight?
A: The safelight is a red or yellow light used to illuminate a darkroom.

Q: What is Match Game?
A: Match Game was an American television game show that ran from 1962 to 1999.

Q: What is Tiin?
A: Tiin was a pay television channel in Mexico.

Q: What is Chickasaw?
A: The Chickasaw are a Native American people.

Q: What is João Gilberto?
A: João Gilberto Prado Pereira de Oliveira (10 June 1931 – 6 July 2019) was a Brazilian singer-songwriter and guitarist.

Q: What is Kathryn Stripling Byer?
A: Kathryn Stripling Byer (November 25, 1944 – June 5, 2017), also called Kay Byer, was an American poet and teacher.

Q: What is Alejandro Valverde?
A: Alejandro Valverde Belmonte (born April 25, 1980) is a Spanish road racing cyclist.

Q: What is Eintracht Frankfurt?
A: Eintracht Frankfurt is a German sports club from Frankfurt am Main, best known for the football section.

Q: What is Battle?
A: A battle is a fight between two or more groups where each group is trying to defeat (beat) the others.

Q: What is Le Châtelet?
A: Le Châtelet is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France.

Q: What is Peter Norman?
A: and Carlos at the 1968 Summer Olympics Peter George Norman (15 June 1942 – 3 October 2006) was an Australian track and field athlete.

Q: What is Evgeny Kissin?
A: Evgeny Igorevitch Kissin ( Yevgeniy Igorevich Kisin; born in Moscow, 10 October 1971) is an Israeli-Russian-British pianist.

Q: What is Council of Ministers of the Soviet Union?
A: The Council of Ministers of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) (), (sometimes shortened to Sovmin or Soviet of Ministers) was legally the Soviet government.

Q: What is AGS-17?
A: The AGS-17 "Plamya" is a Soviet automatic grenade launcher that fires a 30x29mm VOG-17M grenade.

Q: What is Oskaloosa, Iowa?
A: Oskaloosa is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Q: What is Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981?
A: The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 is an law for environmental conservation made by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Viktor Bilash?
A: Viktor Fedorovych Bilash (; 1893 – 24 January 1938) was the Chief of Staff of the Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine (RIAU) under Nestor Makhno.

Q: What is Périgny?
A: Périgny is the name of several communes in France: * Périgny, Allier, in the Allier department * Périgny, Calvados, in the Calvados department * Périgny, Charente-Maritime, in the Charente-Maritime department * Périgny, Loir-et-Cher, in the Loir-et-Cher department * Périgny, Val-de-Marne, in the Val-de-Marne department * Périgny-la-Rose, in the Aube department.

Q: What is Jannine Weigel?
A: Jannine Weigel (; born 30 July 2000) is a singer and actress with Thai and German ancestry.

Q: What is Zee TV?
A: Zee TV is an Indian cable and satellite television channel.

Q: What is Jamestown Settlement?
A: On 14 May 1607, just over one hundred men settled in what is now Jamestown, Virginia to become the first permanent English colony in the New World.

Q: What is Mostafa Fathi?
A: Mostafa Mohamed Fathi Abdel Hamid Mohamed (; born 12 May 1994) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Egyptian Premier League club Pyramids and the Egypt national team.

Q: What is Piano Sonata No. 5 (Beethoven)?
A: Ludwig van Beethoven's Piano Sonata No.

Q: What is Robert P. Casey?
A: Robert Patrick "Bob" Casey, Sr.

Q: What is Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen?
A: The House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen is the cadet branch of the senior Swabian branch of the Hohenzollern dynasty, less known than the Franconian branch which became Burgraves of Nuremberg and later ruled Brandenburg-Prussia and the German Empire.

Q: What is Landshut?
A: Landshut (; ) is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Carol Sykes?
A: Carol Sykes is an archer from Great Britain.

Q: What is Chen Szu-yuan?
A: Chen Szu-yuan (born 7 February 1981) is an archer from the Republic of China.

Q: What is MD5?
A: MD5 is a special algorithm, a mathematical process, used to make computer information secure and safe.

Q: What is Freak on a Leash?
A: "Freak on a Leash" is the fifth single off American nu metal band Korn's third studio album Follow the Leader.

Q: What is Homo sacer?
A: Homo sacer (Latin for the ‘sacred man’ or ‘accursed man’) is a phrase taken from Roman law.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  