Q: What is Marcolino Franco?
A: Marcolino Cerbinio Ferdinand “Mike” Franco (4 October 1959 — 14 August 2024) was a Curaçao politician. He was a member of Partido pa Adelanto I Inovashon Soshal (PAIS).

Q: What is La Bruffière?
A: La Bruffière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Q: What is Eddy Grant?
A: Edmond Montague "Eddy" Grant (born 5 March 1948) is a Guyanese-born British musician. He was a founding member of The Equals, one of the United Kingdom's first racially united music groups.

Q: What is Irene Ryan?
A: Irene Ryan (born Jessie Irene Noblitt; October 17, 1902 &ndash; April 26, 1973) was an American actress and comedian. She was born in El Paso, Texas.

Q: What is Jersey Shore (TV series)?
A: Jersey Shore is an MTV reality series that features eight housemates who spend their summers in New Jersey and partying in their beach house and working at a store. Season 1 was shot in Seaside Heights, New Jersey and season 2 was shot in Miami, Florida.

Q: What is Saint-Denis-sur-Ouanne?
A: Saint-Denis-sur-Ouanne is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Q: What is Bünzen?
A: Bünzen can mean: ;in Switzerland * Bünzen, Switzerland, in the canton of Aargau ;in Germany * Bünzen, Germany, a locality of Aukrug, Schleswig-Holstein

Q: What is Pinewood, Suffolk?
A: Pinewood is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England. in Suffolk

Q: What is Fat Girl?
A: À ma sœur! (English title For My Sister and Fat Girl) is a melodramatic-erotic 2001 French-Italian movie. The subjects in this movie are sex, obesity and relations.

Q: What is Claude Carrara?
A: Claude Carrara (born 28 April 1947) is a former French footballer. While playing in French Polynesia, he was capped five times for Tahiti, and played for them at the 1973 Oceania Cup.

Q: What is Sony Pictures Home Entertainment?
A: Sony Pictures Home Entertainment (abbreviated as SPHE) is the home video distribution division of Sony Pictures Entertainment, a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment.

Q: What is Canadian War Museum?
A: The Canadian War Museum (; CWM) is a national museum on the country's military history in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

Q: What is Giuseppe Sabadini?
A: Giuseppe Sabadini (born 26 March 1949) is a former Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team.

Q: What is Alfredo del Águila?
A: Alfredo del Águila Estrella (3 January 1935 – 26 July 2018) was a Mexican football player. He was born in Mexico City.

Q: What is Grumman X-29?
A: . The Grumman X-29 was an experimental United States aircraft.

Q: What is Scott Bailey?
A: Scott Bailey may refer to: * Scott Bailey (actor) (born 1978), American actor * Scott Bailey (bishop) (1916–2005), bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of West Texas

Q: What is Hurricane Beulah?
A: Hurricane Beulah tracked through the Caribbean Sea, struck the Yucatán Peninsula of Mexico as a major hurricane, and moved west-northwest into the Gulf of Mexico, briefly gaining Category 5 status. It was the strongest hurricane during the 1967 Atlantic hurricane season.

Q: What is Jabba the Hutt?
A: Jabba the Hutt is a fictional character and a minor antagonist in the Star Wars franchise. He was a crime lord who operated from Tatooine.

Q: What is Candy corn?
A: Candy corn is a small, pyramid-shaped candy. It typically divided into three sections of different colors, with a waxy texture and a flavor based on honey, sugar, butter, and vanilla.

Q: What is Knol?
A: Knol was a Google project which aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics. The project was announced on December 13, 2007 and opened in Beta version Knol pages were "meant to be the first thing someone who searches for this topic for the first time will want to read", according to Manber.

Q: What is Bagé?
A: Bagé () is a Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. In 2020, its population was 121,335 in a total area of 4,096&nbsp;km2.

Q: What is Salt Lake County, Utah?
A: Salt Lake County is a county located in the U.S. state of Utah.

Q: What is Memorial Stadium (Baltimore)?
A: Memorial Stadium was a stadium in Baltimore, Maryland, USA. The stadium was home to the National Football League (NFL) team, the Baltimore Ravens from 1996 to 1997 and was also home to the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball from 1954 to 1991, as well as the Baltimore Colts from 1954 to 1983, and the Baltimore Stallions from 1986 to 1987.

Q: What is Territorial integrity?
A: Territorial integrity means that a country should not try to take part of the other county's territory.

Q: What is 1916?
A: 1916 (MCMXVI) was a leap year starting on Saturday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Friday in the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Rettenberg?
A: Rettenberg is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. Rettenberg is twinned with the village La Frénaye in Northern France (close to Le Havre).

Q: What is Poison (Rita Ora song)?
A: "Poison" is a song by British singer Rita Ora. The song was released on 18 May 2015.

Q: What is Flirtation Walk?
A: Flirtation Walk is a 1934 American romantic musical drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and starring Dick Powell, Ruby Keeler, Pat O'Brien, Don Ameche, Ross Alexander, John Arledge, John Eldredge, Henry O'Neill. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1935.

Q: What is British Rail Class 09?
A: The British Rail Class 09 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel locomotive designed primarily for shunting but also short distance freight trips along branch lines. For this reason, though similar to the existing Class 08 shunting locomotives, Class 09s were re-geared to give a maximum top speed of 27.5&nbsp;mph (44&nbsp;km/h) at the expense of a lower tractive effort.

Q: What is Grafa?
A: Grafa is an Australian financial media company that turns financial data into rich media content. This data includes information about stocks, Cryptocurrency The platform gets data from the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), NASDAQ, and Coinmarketcap.

Q: What is Stäfa?
A: Stäfa is a municipality of the district of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It is near Rapperswil on the north bank of the Lake Zurich in the Pfannenstiel region.

Q: What is Edward Babiuch?
A: Edward Mikołaj Babiuch (; December 28, 1927 &ndash; February 1, 2021) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party, a Communist party.

Q: What is American crocodile?
A: The American crocodile is a species of crocodile that lives in the Americas. They usually move from the southern United States to the northern South America.

Q: What is Jim Inhofe?
A: James Mountain "Jim" Inhofe (November 17, 1934 – July 9, 2024) was an American politician from Oklahoma. He was a U.S.

Q: What is Huangpu District?
A: Huangpu District (Chinese: 黄浦区), central urban district of Shanghai that is home to the city's government. Famous attractions include East Nanjing Road, People's Square, Shanghai Museum, Site of the First CPC National Congress and Yu Garden.

Q: What is Uttarakhand High Court?
A: The High Court of Uttarakhand is the highest court of the Indian state of Uttarakhand under the Indian Constitution. It provides justice to people and protects the fundamental rights of citizens.

Q: What is Conflans-Sainte-Honorine?
A: Conflans-Sainte-Honorine is a commune. It is found in the region Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in the north-central of France.

Q: What is Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
A: Buffy the Vampire Slayer is an American television series about a girl who fights vampires and other monsters. It was written by Joss Whedon.

Q: What is Guineafowl?
A: Guineafowls (; sometimes called "pet speckled hens" or "original fowl") are birds of the family Numididae in the order Galliformes. They come from Africa and rank among the oldest of the gallinaceous birds.

Q: What is First inauguration of Thomas Jefferson?
A: The first inauguration of Thomas Jefferson took place on March 4, 1801. Jefferson was sworn-in by Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall.

Q: What is Panther?
A: , also known as black pantherPanther can mean * A black panther or white panther, which is a name for a leopard or jaguar with black or white fur. * Any animal which belongs to the genus Panthera (e.g.

Q: What is Central Finland?
A: Central Finland, Keski-Suomi, is a region of Finland with about 270,000 inhabitants. Neighbouring regions are Pirkanmaa, Southern Ostrobothnia, Central Ostrobothnia, Northern Ostrobothnia, Northern Savonia, Southern Savonia and Päijänne Tavastia.

Q: What is Cromary?
A: Cromary is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Hergensweiler?
A: Hergensweiler is a municipality in the district of Lindau in Bavaria in Germany. It is member of the municipal association of Sigmarszell.

Q: What is Stromboli?
A: Stromboli is a small island in the Tyrrhenian Sea, off the north coast of Sicily. It is one of the three active volcanoes in Italy.

Q: What is Sonia Manzano?
A: Sonia Manzano (born 1950) is an American actress, best known for playing Maria in Sesame Street. births people television actors personalities from New York City television personalities television writers from the Bronx from Manhattan from New York (state) American novelists

Q: What is Member of parliament?
A: A member of parliament (MP) is the representative in parliament of the people who live in their electoral district. The terms congressman/congresswoman or deputy are terms that mean the same thing used in other places or systems.

Q: What is Super Bass?
A: "Super Bass" is a song by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It is from her 2010 debut album Pink Friday.

Q: What is Axat?
A: Axat is a commune of 547 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Q: What is Melinda Czink?
A: Melinda Czink (born October 22, 1982 in Budapest) is a Hungarian professional female tennis player. On March 1, 2004, Czink reached her career-high singles ranking of World No.

Q: What is Andrey Nikolayevich Sakharov?
A: Andrey Nikolayevich Sakharov (; 2 June 1930 – 26 June 2019) was a Soviet-Russian historian. His best known works were the monographs The Diplomacy of Ancient Rus (1980) and its sequel, The Diplomacy of Svyatoslav (1982).

Q: What is Al-A'raf?
A: Surah Al-A'raf (Arabic: سورة الأعراف, meaning "high place") is the seventh chapter of the Muslim religious book, the Qur'an , with 206 verses and 24 ruku's. This Surah was revealed in Makkah .

Q: What is Lutzelhouse?
A: Lutzelhouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Q: What is 2019–20 Colombian protests?
A: The 2019–20 Colombian protests are a collection of protests that have occurred since 21 November 2019. Hundreds of thousands of Colombians protested to support the Colombian peace process and against the further protests in Colombia in 2021.

Q: What is Haima Automobile?
A: Haima Automobile Co., Ltd. is a Chinese automobile brand headquartered in Haikou.

Q: What is Hara Takashi?
A: was a Japanese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Japan from 1918 to 1921.

Q: What is ItWasntEnough?
A: ItWasntEnough is the eighth extended play by American rapper, XXXTentacion. ItWasntEnough was first released on March 18, 2016 on X's SoundCloud.

Q: What is Skip-Bo?
A: Skip-Bo is a children's card game. You try and match numbers, colours, etc.

Q: What is Devin Setoguchi?
A: Devin Setoguchi (born January 1, 1987 in Taber, Alberta) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He last played for the Minnesota Wild.

Q: What is Phobos?
A: Phobos (Greek for "fear", is the root word of phobia) is one of the sons of Ares and Aphrodite in Greek mythology and the twin brother of Deimos. He is known as the god of fear, panic, flight and battlefield rout.

Q: What is Steady-state model?
A: In cosmology, the Steady-state model is a theory about how the universe began. It is an alternative to the Big Bang model.

Q: What is Guaçu Piteri?
A: Antônio Guaçu Dinaer Piteri (6 April 1935 &ndash; 6 June 2021) was a Brazilian politician and sociologist. He was born in Pindorama, São Paulo.

Q: What is Éterville?
A: Éterville is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Uenuku?
A: Uenuku is a god of rainbows and important ancestor in Māori people Uenuku is special to the Ngāpuhi, Ngāti Kahungunu, Ngāti Porou, Ngāi Tahu, and Ngāi Tūhoe Māori tribes. He is also known to two groups of tribes called Kurahaupō and Tainui.

Q: What is Burchard, Nebraska?
A: Burchard is a village in Pawnee County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 78 at the 2020 census.

Q: What is Isometry?
A: Isometry is a concept of geometry. Isometry means that one shape can be transformed into another, but metrics such as the arrangement of the points in relation to each other stay the same.

Q: What is Toby Keith?
A: Toby Keith Covel (July 8, 1961 – February 5, 2024) was an American country music singer-songwriter, record producer and actor.

Q: What is List of presidents of Czechoslovakia?
A: The President of Czechoslovakia (, ) was the head of state of Czechoslovakia, from the creation of the First Czechoslovak Republic in 1918 until the dissolution of the Czech and Slovak Federative Republic in 1992.

Q: What is Virgilio Saquicela?
A: Javier Virgilio Saquicela Espinoza (born 8 July 1972) is an dissolved the National Assembly on 17 May 2023.

Q: What is Tina Modotti?
A: Tina Modotti (August 16 (or 17) 1896 &ndash; January 5, 1942) was an Italian American photographer, model, actor

Q: What is Eli Manning?
A: Elisha Nelson "Eli" Manning (born January 3, 1981) is a retired American football quarterback. Manning played for the New York Giants in the National Football League (NFL) for 16 seasons.

Q: What is Ida Saxton McKinley?
A: Ida Saxton McKinley (June 8, 1847&nbsp;– May 26, 1907), wife of William McKinley, was First Lady of the United States from 1897 to 1901.

Q: What is Kathleen Freeman?
A: Kathleen Freeman (February 17, 1923 - August 23, 2001) was an American actress. She was known for playing the role of maids and secretaries in many comedies, especially directed by Jerry Lewis.

Q: What is Maisons-lès-Chaource?
A: Maisons-lès-Chaource is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France. Maisons-lès-Chaource

Q: What is Logan, Iowa?
A: Logan is a city in Iowa in the United States. establishments in Iowa seats in Iowa in Harrison County, Iowa

Q: What is Little weed whiting?
A: The little weed whiting (Neoodax balteatus) is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae which is endemic to Australia. It occurs along the Southern Australian coast, including Tasmania.

Q: What is Escout?
A: Escout is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France. Escout

Q: What is Welnos?
A: Welnos is an Indo European deity linked to cattle, and there are similar gods in many mythologies such as Slavic, Lithuanian, Latvian, Norse, and Old English.

Q: What is Rana temporaria temporaria?
A: Rana temporaria temporaria is a large land frog native to Europe. It can natively be found in Ireland and the Isle of Lewis.

Q: What is Hip Hop Police?
A: "Hip Hop Police" is a 2007 song by American rapper Chamillionaire and British-American rapper Slick Rick. It was the first single of Chamillionaire's second album, Ultimate Victory.

Q: What is Frank Judd, Baron Judd?
A: Frank Ashcroft Judd, Baron Judd (28 March 1935 – 17 April 2021) was a British Labour politician. He was a Senior Fellow of Saferworld NGO from 1994 to 2002.

Q: What is Warren City, Texas?
A: Warren City is a city in Gregg and Upshur Counties in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Juan José Arévalo?
A: Juan José Arévalo Bermejo (10 September 1904 – 8 October 1990) was a Guatemalan politician who became Guatemala's first democratically elected president in 1945. He remained in office until 1951, surviving 25 coup attempts.

Q: What is Cali?
A: Cali (official name, Santiago de Cali) is the capital of Valle del Cauca department in Colombia and the third most populated city in the country, after Bogotá and Medellín. Like other department capitals, it is home of the Valle del Cauca Governance, Departmental assembly, The Court of Justice, and other official institutions.

Q: What is Hajo Meyer?
A: Hajo Meyer (12 August 1924 &ndash; 23 August 2014) was a German-Dutch physicist and Jewish political activist.

Q: What is Phil Anselmo?
A: Philip Hansen Anselmo (born June 30, 1968) is an American heavy metal musician best known as the lead singer for Pantera, Down, and Superjoint, amongst other musical projects. He is the owner of Housecore Records.

Q: What is Torryburn?
A: above Torryburn Torryburn is a village and parish in Fife, Scotland. It is on the north shore of the Firth of Forth.

Q: What is Annie Parisse?
A: Anne Marie Cancelmi (better known as Annie Parisse; born July 31, 1975) is an American television and movie actress. She also does stage plays.

Q: What is The Analog Kid?
A: "The Analog Kid" is a 1982 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush and was taken from their ninth studio album Signals. It went to number 19 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Q: What is Miguel de Miguel?
A: Miguel de Miguel (born Miguel de Miguel Carrasco, 17 April 1975 in Nerja, Spain), is a Spanish actor.

Q: What is Me Too (song)?
A: "Me Too" is a song by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor from her second major-label studio album, electro and Billboard Hot 100 and was certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. It reached the top 10 and received 4× Platinum certifications in Australia and Canada.

Q: What is Berith Bohm?
A: Berith Maria Kristina Bohm (23 August 1932 – 14 May 2020) was a Swedish opera singer and actress. She performed in a talent show during her teens in Bromma and performed the song Fjorton år tror jag visst att jag var.

Q: What is Bob Denver?
A: Bob Denver (January 9, 1935 – September 2, 2005) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Gilligan on the 1960s television series Gilligan's Island and Maynard G.

Q: What is Volcanic bomb?
A: Volcano, Hawaii in 1983 A volcanic bomb or lava bomb is a mass of molten rock larger than 64&nbsp;mm (2.5&nbsp;inches) in diameter. It forms when a volcano throws basketball-sized lava bomb from the 2018 lower Puna eruption.

Q: What is Royal Commission?
A: In states that are Commonwealth Realms a Royal Commission is a major government public inquiry into an important issue. They have been held in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Kenya and Saudi Arabia.

Q: What is Goldcrest?
A: , India in the Netherlands The goldcrest (Regulus regulus) is a tiny passerine bird in the kinglet family. Its colourful golden crest feathers gives rise to its popular name.

Q: What is Tommy Hilfiger?
A: Thomas Jacob Hilfiger (born March 24, 1951) is an American fashion designer. He is the founder of the lifestyle brand Tommy Hilfiger Corporation.

Q: What is Noh Jung-yoon?
A: Noh Jung-Yoon (born 28 March 1971) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

Q: What is Vanessa Proux?
A: Vanessa Proux (31 May 1974) is a French biologist and the current head of Sup'Biotech. Holder of a Master's degree in biochemistry (1997) and one more in microbiology, Vanessa Proux graduates from University of Technology of Compiègne in October 2001 (Doctorate in microbiology).

Q: What is Bocconi University?
A: . Bocconi University () is a private university in Viale Bligny Milan, Italy.

Q: What is Area codes 410, 443, and 667?
A: Area codes 410, 443 and 667 are telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan. They cover the eastern part of Maryland, including cities like Baltimore, Annapolis, and Ocean City.

Q: What is S. K. Paramasivan?
A: Sinniampalayam Kumaraswamy Paramasivan (26 February 1919 – 30 January 2022) was an Indian politician and agriculturist. He was a member of Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India between 1962 and 1967.

Q: What is Prerogative?
A: A prerogative is an exclusive power or privilege possessed by an official of a government or state as a part of his or her office. Under English law it is right of a sovereign, which in theory, has no wikt:restriction

Q: What is John Hickenlooper?
A: John Wright Hickenlooper (born February 7, 1952) is an American politician. He is the junior United States Senator from Colorado since 2021.

Q: What is Oggiono?
A: Oggiono is a comune in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy. Lago di Annone is on its borders.

Q: What is Sprinkles?
A: Sprinkles are small pieces of confectionery used as an often colourful decoration or to add texture to desserts such as brownies, cupcakes, doughnuts or ice cream. The tiny candies are produced in a variety of colors and are generally used as a topping or a decorative element.

Q: What is Jay Pritzker?
A: Jay Arthur Pritzker (August 26, 1922&nbsp;– January 23, 1999) was an American entrepreneur, Conglomerate (company)

Q: What is Macy Lau?
A: Lan Fong Macy Lau is an archer from Hong Kong. She was born on 27 June 1956.

Q: What is Volodymyr Struk?
A: Volodymyr Oleksiiovych Struk (; 15 May 1964 – 2 March 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Party of Regions and later the Opposition Platform — For Life.

Q: What is The Crimson Circle (1929 movie)?
A: The Crimson Circle () is a 1929 British German crime movie directed by Frederic Zelnik and was based on the 1922 novel of the same name by Edgar Wallace. It stars Lya Mara, Fred Louis Lerch, Stewart Rome, Albert Steinrück, Otto Wallburg, Hans Albers and Bruno Ziener.

Q: What is Crézancy-en-Sancerre?
A: Crézancy-en-Sancerre is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 454 people lived there in January 2019.

Q: What is Zionist Union?
A: The Zionist Union, Hebrew: המחנה הציוני - HaMahaneh HaTziyoni, literally meaning The Zionist Camp, was an Israeli political cooperation. Its ideology is left-wing centrist, and Zionist.

Q: What is Ñuble Province (1974–2018)?
A: The Ñuble Province () was one of the provinces of the Chilean region of Bío Bío (VIII). The provincial capital was the city of Chillán.

Q: What is Classic Mac OS?
A: Mac OS is an operating system for Macintosh computers. Mac OS was first made by Apple Inc.

Q: What is Macedonian Orthodox Church – Archdiocese of Ohrid?
A: The Macedonian Orthodox Church – Archdiocese of Ohrid (MOC; ), is the largest Christian church in North Macedonia. It is recognised by the other Eastern Orthodox Christian churches.

Q: What is Moda Domani Institute?
A: Moda Domani Institute was a French higher studies establishment. The school was in Paris, France.

Q: What is Roman Italy?
A: Italia, under the Roman Republic and later Empire, was the name of the Italian peninsula. Italia was the home of the capital of the Roman Empire - Rome itself.

Q: What is Tracheotomy?
A: cartilage 3 - Cricoid cartilage 4 - Tracheal cartilages 5 - Balloon cuff Tracheotomy and tracheostomy is a surgery on the neck to open a direct path by cutting a hole in the trachea (windpipe). They are performed by paramedics, veterinarians, emergency physicians, and surgeons.

Q: What is Kentucky Derby?
A: The Kentucky Derby is a horse race for three-year-old Thoroughbreds held every year at the Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky on the first Saturday in May. The race is 1.25 miles long.

Q: What is Rashtriya Loktantrik Party?
A: The Rashtriya Loktantrik Party ( RLP; translation: National Democratic Party) is an Indian political party in the state of Rajasthan. It was founded by Hanuman Beniwal on 29 October 2018.

Q: What is Sturgeon?
A: Sturgeon is the common name for 28 species of fish in the family Acipenseridae. The family has four extant genera: Acipenser, Huso, Scaphirhynchus, and Pseudoscaphirhynchus.

Q: What is Jönköping Municipality?
A: Jönköping Municipality () is a municipality in southern Sweden, in Jönköping County. The seat is in Jönköping.

Q: What is T. K. Wetherell?
A: Thomas Kent Wetherell (December 22, 1945 – December 16, 2018) was an American politician and educator. He was born in Daytona Beach, Florida.

Q: What is Warwick, Rhode Island?
A: Warwick ( , more locally ) is a city in Kent County, Rhode Island, United States. It is the second largest city in the state, with a population of 82,823 at the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Tatinghem?
A: Tatinghem is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Foam?
A: A foam is a substance that is formed by trapping gas in bubbles. Gas is present in large amounts so it will be divided in gas bubbles separated by liquid regions which may form films, thinner and thinner when the liquid phase is drained out of the system.

Q: What is And I Love Her?
A: "And I Love Her" is a 1964 song by The Beatles. It was taken from their third studio album A Hard Day's Night.

Q: What is Peter Bosz?
A: Peter Bosz (born 21 November 1963) is a former Dutch football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

Q: What is Serosa?
A: Serosa (or serous membrane) is a smooth membrane consisting of a thin layer of cells, found on the outer wall of the organs of the abdominal cavity known as the serous cavity. It secretes serous fluid, and a thin connective tissue layer.

Q: What is Governor-General of The Bahamas?
A: The Governor General of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas is the representative of the Bahamian Monarch (currently King Charles III). The Governor General is responsible for selecting the Prime Minister.

Q: What is The Piano Teacher?
A: The Piano Teacher is an erotic drama movie of 2001 about a piano professor for a musical conservatory. The subjects of this drama are piano playing, voyeurism and masochism.

Q: What is Lalla Fatma N'Soumer?
A: Lalla Fatma N'Soumer (born Fatima Sayed Ahmed Oomazian) and also known as Lalla Fatma (c.1830 – c.1863) was an important person in Algeria who fought in a resistance movement when France was invading Algeria.

Q: What is List of road routes in New South Wales?
A: Major roads in New South Wales are organised into many routes. These help drivers to navigate their way between places in the state.

Q: What is Interstate 22?
A: Interstate 22 is an Interstate Highway in the United States. It goes from Memphis, Tennessee, east to Birmingham, Alabama, on U.S.

Q: What is Only if the Baby Cries...?
A: Only if the Baby Cries... is a 2024 Indian documentary short film directed by Shadab Farooq, which won the Best Short Film award at the Ji.hlava International Documentary Film Festival

Q: What is Rodney Williams (governor-general)?
A: Sir Rodney Errey Lawrence Williams, KGN, (born 2 November 1947) is an Antiguan politician. He became 4th List of Governors-General of Antigua and Barbuda

Q: What is 19521 Chaos?
A: 19521 Chaos is a Kuiper belt object. Chaos was found in 1998 by the Deep Ecliptic Survey, with the primeval state of existence in Greek mythology, from which the first gods appeared.

Q: What is Proceratophrys boiei?
A: The white-faced horned frog, Bioe's frog, Bahia smooth horned frog, or Fry's smooth horned frog (Proceratophrys boiei) is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Q: What is Authie, Calvados?
A: Authie, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Saying Sorry?
A: "Saying Sorry" is a song by Hawthorne Heights. It was released in 2006 from their second album, If Only You Were Lonely.

Q: What is Awty International School?
A: The Awty International School is a private school in Houston, Texas. It is for pre-kindergarten through 12th grade.

Q: What is Stephen Strasburg?
A: Stephen James Strasburg (born July 20, 1988 in San Diego, California) is an American baseball player. He is a pitcher for the Washington Nationals in Major League Baseball (MLB).

Q: What is Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata?
A: The dotted humming frog (Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata) is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Brazil, Peru, and Bolivia. Scientists think it might live in Colombia too.

Q: What is Braunsbedra?
A: Braunsbedra is a town in the Saalekreis, Saxony-Anhalt in Germany. It is about 11 km southwest of Merseburg.

Q: What is Elizabeth line?
A: The Elizabeth line is a high-frequency hybrid commuter rail and rapid transit service in London and its suburbs. The service is named after Queen Elizabeth II, who officially opened the line on 17 May 2022 during her Platinum Jubilee year; passenger services started on 24 May 2022.

Q: What is Frank Lucas (Oklahoma politician)?
A: Frank Dean Lucas (born January 6, 1960) is an American politician. He is the U.S.

Q: What is Ee, Netherlands?
A: Ee () is a village in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2020, 860 people lived there.

Q: What is Hayes Center, Nebraska?
A: Hayes Center is a village in the U.S. state of Nebraska.

Q: What is Municipalities of Baja California?
A: There are seven municipalities in Baja California are: * Ensenada Municipality * Mexicali Municipality * Playas de Rosarito Municipality * San Felipe Municipality * San Quintin Municipality * Tecate Municipality * Tijuana Municipality Baja California lists

Q: What is The Essential Billy Joel?
A: The Essential Billy Joel is a greatest hits album by Billy Joel and released on 2 October, 2001 through Sony BMG. It went to number 14 in New Zealand, number 15 in the United States, number 50 in Australia and number 66 in Ireland.

Q: What is Stephen F. Austin?
A: Stephen Fuller Austin (November 3, 1793 – December 27, 1836) was an American politician and landowner. He was known as the "Father of Texas" and the founder of Texas.

Q: What is Mötschwil?
A: Mötschwil was a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Mötschwil became a part of Hindelbank.

Q: What is Bobby Prescott?
A: George Bertrand "Bobby" Prescott (March 27, 1931 – August 2, 2020) was a Panamanian professional baseball player. He was an outfielder, first baseman and third baseman.

Q: What is International standard?
A: International standard is a guidance made by international organizations to be considered and used around the world. The standard can be used directly or with small changes to suit the local conditions.

Q: What is Gas mask?
A: A gas mask is a kind of mask that fits over the face area and nose. It protects from poison gases and many other hazards in the air.

Q: What is Old Sugar Mill of Koloa?
A: , 1965 The Old Sugar Mill of Kōloa was a sugarcane plantation in Hawaii. It was one of the first plantation to be profitable.

Q: What is Franz Seldte?
A: (left) and Franz von Stephani (middle) in 1929 Franz Seldte (29 June 1882 in Magdeburg – 1 April 1947 in Fürth) was the co-founder of the Stahlhelm, Bund der Frontsoldaten. He was a member of the NSDAP.

Q: What is Yacht charter?
A: Yacht chartering is the renting a sailboat or motor yacht for sea traveling. This is a vacation activity, but it can be a corporate event.

Q: What is Alain Delon?
A: Alain Fabien Maurice Marcel Delon (; 8 November 1935 – 18 August 2024) was a French actor. He became famous quickly, and by the age of 23, he was already being compared to French actors like Gérard Philipe and Jean Marais.

Q: What is Moa, Cuba?
A: Moa, one of the youngest cities in Cuba, was founded in 1939. As of 2024, the municipality had a population of 92,852.

Q: What is The Man by the Shore?
A: The Man by the Shore () is a 1993 Haitian French drama movie directed by Raoul Peck and starring Jennifer Zubar, Toto Bissainthe, Patrick Rameau, Jean-Michel Martial, Mireille Metellus.

Q: What is Brandenburg Navy?
A: The Brandenburg Navy (in German: Kurbrandenburgische Marine) was the navy of the Margraviate of Brandenburg from the 16th century to 1701. ).

Q: What is Pacific Blue?
A: Pacific Blue is an American crime drama series. It is about a team of police officers with the Santa Monica Police Department who patrolled its beaches on bicycles.

Q: What is Habibullah Bahar College?
A: Habibullah Bahar College () is a college in Dhaka city, Bangladesh. It was founded in 1969.

Q: What is Willi Reschke?
A: Willi Reschke (3 February 1922 &ndash; 5 July 2017) was a German Luftwaffe ace. He was the recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II.

Q: What is Wild Night?
A: "Wild Night" is a 1971 song by Northern Irish singer Van Morrison and is the leading single from his fifth studio album Tupelo Honey. It went to number 28 in the United States, number 41 in Belgium, number 20 in Canada and number 24 in the Netherlands.

Q: What is Parks, Louisiana?
A: Parks is a village in St. Martin Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Bhuwan Bahadur Sunar?
A: Bhuwan Bahadur Sunar is a politician from Nepal who belongs to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre). He was chosen in the Nepalese National Assembly election of 2022 and is a member of the Rashtriya Sabha as well.

Q: What is Calmoutier?
A: Calmoutier is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Castelldefels?
A: Castelldefels () is a city in the Baix Llobregat comarca, in the province of Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain, and part of the Metropolitan Area of Barcelona. Its population was 65,954 in 2017.

Q: What is Induction coil?
A: An induction coil or "spark coil" is a type of electrical transformer. It is used to produce high-voltage pulses from a low-voltage direct current (DC) supply.

Q: What is Miguel Tendillo?
A: Miguel Tendillo (born 1 February 1961) is a former Spanish football player. He has played for Spain national team.

Q: What is Patricia Kalember?
A: Patricia Kalember (born December 30, 1957) is an American television and movie actress. She is best known for playing in the TV drama Sisters.

Q: What is Existentialist anarchism?
A: Existentialist anarchism is a type of ideology that contradicts norms placed on existensive use of conspiracies, especially including things that cannot be proven scientifically.

Q: What is Karan Singh?
A: Karan Singh (born 9 March 1931) is an Indian politician, philanthropist and poet. He was born in Cannes, France.

Q: What is Washington Mystics?
A: The Washington Mystics are an American professional women's basketball team. They are based in Washington, D.C.

Q: What is Water buffalo?
A: Water buffaloes are a kind of bovine. There are Wild Asian Water Buffaloes and domestic buffaloes or domestic Asian water buffalo.

Q: What is Wooden horse?
A: The wooden horse or Spanish donkey is a torture device where the victim is made to straddle a triangular "horse" and place their full body weight on their genitals, which rested on the point of the angle which causes pain in the lower regions. Sometimes cannonballs or something similar would be tied to the victim's feet.

Q: What is SR Class 4DD?
A: Conceived by Oliver Bulleid for the Southern Railway's Dartford commuter route, the two 4DD electric multiple units were the only double-deck trains to run on the main line railway network in Britain. The upper-level seats were squeezed in between the lower-level seats to ensure that the overall height of the unit was within the clearances necessary to pass through tunnels and under bridges.

Q: What is Hyundai Mufasa?
A: The Hyundai Mufasa is a compact Crossover SUV made by Hyundai since 2023 through Beijing Hyundai which is a joint venture between Hyundai and BAIC.

Q: What is Puiseux-en-France?
A: Puiseux-en-France is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France.

Q: What is Ludovico Einaudi?
A: Ludovico Maria Enrico Einaudi (born 23 November 1955) is an Italian pianist and composer. He has made several original albums of piano music and has made the soundtracks for several films, including This is England, The Father and Milan, Italy.

Q: What is Verrucomicrobiota?
A: The phylum Verrucomicrobia is made up of six groups of gram-negative, spherical or rod-shaped bacteria that consume other plants or animals for energy and nutrients (heterotrophic). They are distributed throughout freshwater, marine, and soil habitats, as well as vertebrae digestive tracts including those of humans.

Q: What is Midden-Drenthe?
A: Midden-Drenthe is a municipality in the province of Drenthe, the Netherlands. In 2019, 33,178 people lived there.

Q: What is Valerio Zanone?
A: Valerio Zanone (22 January 1936 &ndash; 7 January 2016) was an Italian politician. He was secretary and president of the Italian Liberal Party.

Q: What is San Salvador de Jujuy?
A: San Salvador de Jujuy is the capital city of the Jujuy Province in Argentina. in Argentina of Argentine provinces Province

Q: What is Trump International Golf Club (West Palm Beach, Florida)?
A: at the golf course in 2020. Trump International Golf Club, West Palm Beach, Florida is a 27-hole private golf course designed by Jim Fazio in West Palm Beach, Florida, This is Donald Trump's first golf course.

Q: What is Chang'e?
A: Chang'e () or Chang-Er or Chang-o or Heng'e is the Chinese female deity of the Moon. She is the topic of many stories in Chinese mythology.

Q: What is EA (disambiguation)?
A: EA is an initialism for Electronic Arts, an American video game company. EA, E.A., Ea, or ea may also refer to: <!--==Arts and media== * Eä, the World that Is of J.

Q: What is Miss Independent (Ne-Yo song)?
A: "Miss Independent" is a 2008 song by American singer Ne-Yo and is the second single from his third studio album Year of the Gentleman. It went to number 4 in New Zealand, number 6 in Japan and the United Kingdom, number 7 in the United States and number 9 in Ireland.

Q: What is History of England?
A: == England before the English == , thought to have been built around 2000-2500 BC Archaeology shows that people came to southern England long before the rest of the British Isles, probably because of the friendly climate between and during the ice ages of long ago. Julius Caesar invaded what is now England in 55 and 54 BC, as part of the Gallic Wars, and was defeated.

Q: What is Colombier, Haute-Saône?
A: Colombier is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Henry S. Dogin?
A: Henry Stanley Dogin (born December 26, 1934) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the acting Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration from 1975 to 1976.

Q: What is Garret Graves?
A: Garret Neal Graves (born January 31, 1972) is an American politician who has been a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Louisiana's 6th congressional district from 2015 to 2025.

Q: What is Cellophane?
A: Cellophane is a bioplastic wrapping material. It is a thin, transparent sheet made of cellulose.

Q: What is Smile 2?
A: Smile 2 is an American psychological supernatural horror movie. It was released in theatres on October 18, 2024.

Q: What is Blank slate?
A: Blank slate, or tabula rasa (which means the same thing) was a philosophical idea of John Locke. It had, like much of philosophy, a history which went as far back as Aristotle, but it was Locke who made it known to our modern world: :"Let us then suppose the mind to be, as we say, white paper void of all characters, without any ideas.

Q: What is Sartorial Eloquence (Don't Ya Wanna Play This Game No More?)?
A: "Sartorial Eloquence" is a 1980 song by Elton John. It is the third single from his 14th studio album 21 at 33.

Q: What is Shōten?
A: Shōten is a comedy Japanese television series. It is broadcast on Sunday afternoons in Nippon television Network corporation.

Q: What is Tanto?
A: The Tantō is a Japanese short sword or dagger. The tantō's traditional overall length was 11.93 in (1 shaku, about 30 cm).

Q: What is José Roberto Figueroa?
A: José Roberto Figueroa Padilla, also known as Macho, (15 December 1959 – 24 May 2020) was a Honduran footballer. He played as a forward, in Honduras for F.C.

Q: What is Campanulaceae?
A: The family Campanulaceae (also bellflower family), of the order Asterales, contains about 70 genera and 2000 species, you are probably familiar with bellflowers and cardinal flower and think of these as a group of small herbaceous flowers.

Q: What is Puerta de Alcalá?
A: The Puerta de Alcalá (Alcalá Gate) is a monument in the Plaza de la Independencia ("Independence Square") in Madrid, Spain. Francisco Sabatini created the monument in 1778 for Carlos III when he arrived in Madrid.

Q: What is Malcolm Marmorstein?
A: Malcolm Marmorstein (August 9, 1928 – November 21, 2020) was an American screenwriter and director. He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey.

Q: What is Takayo Fischer?
A: Takayo Fischer (née Tsubouchi; born November 25, 1932) is an American actress and singer. She was born in Hardwick, California.

Q: What is Over You (Roxy Music song)?
A: "Over You" is a 1980 song by English rock band Roxy Music. It is the leading single from their seventh studio album Flesh and Blood.

Q: What is Lara Flynn Boyle?
A: Lara Flynn Boyle (born March 24, 1970 in Davenport, Iowa) is an American movie and television actress. She is known for many movie roles.

Q: What is Havelock, New Zealand?
A: Havelock is a small town in the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island at the head of the Marlborough Sounds.

Q: What is Valtournenche?
A: Valtournenche is a comune in the Aosta Valley region in Italy. It is named after the valley of the same name.

Q: What is Spillertown, Illinois?
A: Spillertown is a village in Williamson County, Illinois, United States. establishments in Illinois Territory in Illinois

Q: What is European Hot 100 Singles?
A: The European Hot 100 Singles, sometimes called the Eurochart Hot 100, is a Billboard chart that made a list of the songs people liked the most in Europe every week. It was first made in March 1984 and stopped being made in December 2010.

Q: What is Babak Zanjani?
A: Babak Zanjani (born 12 March 1974) is an Iranian businessman. He ran a big company called Sorinet Group in the United Arab Emirates.

Q: What is Roshan Seth?
A: Roshan Seth OBE (born 2 April 1942) is a British-Indian actor, director and writer. He is best known for his role as Jawaharlal Nehru in Richard Attenborough's Academy Award-winning movie Gandhi and as Chattar Lal in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.

Q: What is 1976 Democratic Party presidential primaries?
A: The 1976 Democratic presidential primaries were how voters of the Democratic Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 1976 U.S. presidential election.

Q: What is Peanut butter cookie?
A: A peanut butter cookie is a type of cookie that has peanut butter as a main ingredient. The cookie was first made in the United States in the 1910s.

Q: What is Massignieu-de-Rives?
A: Massignieu-de-Rives is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Q: What is Lada (mythology)?
A: Lada and Lado are Slavic pseudo-deities. Lada was first mentioned in the sermons of the Christian priest Lucas of Wielki Koźmin around 1405-1412.

Q: What is Koupalu?
A: Koupalu (also, Koubaru or Koubru) is a primordial deity in Meitei mythology and Meitei religion God Koubru resides in the Mount Koubru (Koubru Hill). The Mount Koubru (Koubru Hill) is the first place of settlement of the Meitei ethnicity, including the Lois of Andro, Khurkhul, Phayeng and Sekmai.

Q: What is Ganjam district?
A: Ganjam district is a district in the Indian state of Odisha. Ganjam's total area is 8,070&nbsp;km² (3,116&nbsp;mi²).

Q: What is Vasily Astafyev?
A: Vasily Mikhailovich Astafyev () (25 October 1919 – 7 March 2022) was a Soviet officer. He was part of the Winter War, as well as the Eastern Front.

Q: What is One-T?
A: One-T are a French animated band created in 2000 by Eddy Gronfier and Thomas Pieds. Eddy Gronfier produces the music while Thomas Pieds creates the artwork and visuals.

Q: What is Robert Garcia (California politician)?
A: Robert Garcia (born December 2, 1977) is an American politician who is the U.S. Representative for California's 42nd congressional district since 2023.

Q: What is Mason Ryan?
A: Barri Griffiths (born January 13, 1982) is a Welsh stunt performer and former professional wrestler. He works for Cirque du Soleil.

Q: What is Greater Western Sydney?
A: Greater Western Sydney (GWS) is a large metropolitan region of Greater Sydney. It covers the western portion of Sydney and stretches out to the Blue Mountains.

Q: What is Death and state funeral of Gerald Ford?
A: 's casket lying in state at Capitol Hill giving a eulogy at Ford's state funeral at the Washington National Cathedral On December 26, 2006, Gerald Ford, the 38th President of the United States, died at his home in Rancho Mirage, California at 6:45&nbsp;p.m. Pacific Time Zone

Q: What is Randy Bryce?
A: Randall John Bryce (born December 9, 1964) is an American ironworker and politician. He was a candidate for Wisconsin's 1st congressional district in the 2018 midterm elections.

Q: What is Nattō?
A: Natto ( (hiragana), 納豆 (kanji); nattō or nattou) is a traditional Japanese food made by fermenting soybeans. Natto is known for its strong musty smell and unusual slimy texture, which makes sticky strings when stirred and eaten.

Q: What is Kindwiller?
A: Kindwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Q: What is Masdar City?
A: Masdar City (, ) is a planned city which is being built in the United Arab Emirates. in the United Arab Emirates

Q: What is Bridging the Gap (Black Eyed Peas album)?
A: Bridging the Gap is the second studio album by American hip hop group Black Eyed Peas, released on September 26, 2000. This is their last album as Black Eyed Peas, before they changed their name to "The Black Eyed Peas" and the last album with Kim Hill as a member.

Q: What is Anomalocaris?
A: Anomalocaris ("abnormal shrimp") is an extinct genus of anomalocaridid, which are, in turn, thought to be closely related to the arthropods. The first fossils of Anomalocaris were discovered in the Burgess Shale The recently discovered species A.

Q: What is WrestleMania XII?
A: WrestleMania XII was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on March 31, 1996 at the Arrowhead Pond in Anaheim, California.

Q: What is Dominican University (Illinois)?
A: Dominican University (DU) is a private Catholic university in River Forest, Illinois. It has a bachelor's and master's degrees and certificate programs.

Q: What is Bobinogs?
A: Bobinogs (original Welsh title: Bobinogi) is a British children's television programme that aired on CBeebies. It was first shown in Kent at The Romney Marsh Visitor Centre, then the rest of the United Kingdom in February 2003.

Q: What is Pierre Pilote?
A: Joseph Albert Pierre Paul Pilote (December 11, 1931 &ndash; September 9, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman that played his playing career for the Chicago Black Hawks and Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). Pilote won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Black Hawks in 1961 and became the captain of the Black Hawks.

Q: What is Guayaquil?
A: Guayaquil (), officially Santiago de Guayaquil (), is the largest city in Ecuador. It has about 3.5 million in the metropolitan area.

Q: What is Chief technology officer?
A: A chief technology officer (CTO), also known as a chief technical officer, is in charge of a company's technological strategy and investments. It is a senior ranking position in the company, typically below the chief executive officer or chief operating officer.

Q: What is Dominique Kalifa?
A: Dominique Kalifa (12 September 1957 – 12 September 2020) was a French historian, educator and columnist. He was born in Vichy, France.

Q: What is Carlos Reichenbach?
A: Carlos Oscar Reichenbach Son (14 June 1945 – 14 June 2012) was a Brazilian filmmaker who is known for his movies such as; Dream of Life, Forbidden Paradise, City Life, and Look and Feel. Reichenbach was born on June 14, 1945 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, but was raised in São Paulo, Brazil.

Q: What is Stephen Hadley?
A: Stephen John Hadley (born February 13, 1947) is an American attorney who served as the 20th U.S. national security advisor under George W.

Q: What is Mr. Burns?
A: Charles Montgomery Plantagenet Schicklgruber Burns (also known as C. Montgomery Burns and Monty Burns, but usually said as Mr.

Q: What is Jaysh al-Sunnah?
A: Jaysh al-Sunnah (Arabic: جَيْشُ السُّنَّةِ) was a Islamist militant group that was active in the Homs Governorate and it was established by combining other militant groups such as brigades within the Farouq Brigades. The group joined the Army of Conquest on the 24th of March 2015, and fought in the Battle of Idlib (2015)

Q: What is List of National Football League career quarterback wins leaders?
A: The following is a list of the top National Football League (NFL) quarterbacks in regular season wins. In the NFL, the starting quarterback is the only position that is credited with records of wins and losses.

Q: What is Héctor Pulido?
A: Héctor Pulido Rodríguez (20 December 1942 – 18 February 2022) was a Mexican football player and manager. He played as a midfielder.

Q: What is Paimio?
A: Paimio () is a town in Southwest Finland. As of January 2014, almost 11,000 people lived there.

Q: What is 2011 New England Patriots season?
A: The 2011 season was the New England Patriots' 42nd in the National Football League (NFL) and their 52nd overall.

Q: What is Esto perpetua?
A: having motto "esto perpetua" Esto perpetua is a phrase from latin meaning "Let it be forever". This is the motto of the Idaho state of U.S.

Q: What is Hunza Valley?
A: Hunza Valley () is a mountainous valley near Gilgit in the North Trails of Pakistan. The Hunza valley is at an elevation of .

Q: What is Lake Placid, Florida?
A: is listed on the National Register of Historic Places Lake Placid is a town in Florida, United States. It is in Highlands County.

Q: What is 2016–17 NHL season?
A: The 2016–17 NHL season was the 100th season of operation (99th season of play) of the National Hockey League. There were 82 games for each team in the regular season from October 12, 2016 to April 9, 2017.

Q: What is Kris Pearn?
A: Kris Pearn is an American movie director, voice actor, storyboard artist, writer and animator. He is best known for directing Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 with Cody Cameron and The Willoughbys with Rob Lodermeier.

Q: What is Parenty?
A: Parenty is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Q: What is Pride and Prejudice?
A: Pride and Prejudice is a book by Jane Austen. It was published in 1813.

Q: What is Commodity fetishism?
A: Commodity fetishism is an important concept in Marx's philosophy in his magnus opus The Capital. In his writings, he describes that people in capitalist systems are too focused on the end product people buy (a commodity) and forget to think about the processes that helped the commodity come about.

Q: What is Anna Halprin?
A: Anna Dorothy Halprin (born Anna Schuman; July 13, 1920 &ndash; May 25, 2021) was an American dancer. She helped create the experimental art form known as postmodern dance and referred to herself as the breaker of modern dance.

Q: What is CBeebies?
A: CBeebies is a British free-to-air children's public broadcast television channel aimed at preschoolers. The sister channel CBBC, which encourages to children's aimed at elementary and middle schoolers.

Q: What is Wishology?
A: Wishology is a trilogy of Television movies of The Fairly OddParents called Wishology Part 1: The Big Beginning, Wishology Part II: The Exciting Middle Part and Wishology Part III: The Final Ending.

Q: What is Working on a Dream (song)?
A: "Working on a Dream" is a 2008 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the title track to his 16th studio album Working on a Dream. It went to number 95 in the United States, number 9 in Norway, number 91 in Canada and number 26 in Italy and won a Grammy Award in 2010.

Q: What is Adhir Kalyan?
A: Adhir Kalyan (born 4 August 1983) is an South African actor. He is known for his role as Timmy in the CBS comedy series Rules of Engagement (2007–2013).

Q: What is Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne?
A: Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France.

Q: What is Exocrine gland?
A: An exocrine gland puts out (excretes) its product by a duct. The duct goes to some environment outside the gland, either inside the body or onto the surface of the body.

Q: What is Carlos Fernández Gondín?
A: Carlos Fernández Gondín (1 July 1938 &ndash; 7 January 2017) was a Cuban politician. He was born in Santiago de Cuba.

Q: What is Diplo?
A: Thomas Wesley Pentz (born November 10, 1978), better known by his stage name Diplo, is an American disc jockey and record producer. He is the co-creator and lead member of the electronic dancehall music project Major Lazer.

Q: What is Cassopolis, Michigan?
A: Cassopolis is a village within in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Cass County, Michigan

Q: What is David Spade?
A: David Wayne Spade (born July 22, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, writer, and television personality, known for his roles as Dennis Finch in Just Shoot Me!, Marcus Higgins in Grown Ups, and Russell Dunbar in Rules of Engagement. He is also known as the voice of Kuzco in The Emperor's New Groove and Kronk's New Groove.

Q: What is Uma Shankar Mishra?
A: Uma Shankar Mishra (1923 &ndash; 3 July 2016) was an Indian politician. He was an Indian Independence Movement Activist.

Q: What is HBOS?
A: HBOS is a major bank. It was founded in 2001 when Halifax merged with the Bank of Scotland.

Q: What is Theuley?
A: Theuley is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Alex Grammas?
A: Alexander Peter Grammas (April 3, 1926 – September 13, 2019) was an American professional baseball infielder, manager and coach. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama.

Q: What is Jeffrey Kopstein?
A: Jeffrey Stephen Kopstein (American social scientist specializing in interethnic violence and minority voting patterns, focusing on Jewish history in Europe and Russia.

Q: What is 2019 Australian federal election?
A: The 2019 Australian federal election elected members of the 46th Parliament of Australia on 18 May 2019. The election was called following the end or expiry of the 45th Parliament as elected at the 2016 double dissolution federal election.

Q: What is Desperately Seeking Susan?
A: Desperately Seeking Susan is a 1985 American comedy-drama movie directed by Susan Seidelman and starring Madonna, Rosanna Arquette, John Turturro, Laurie Metcalf, Aidan Quinn, Steven Wright, Will Patton, Robert Joy, Giancarlo Esposito, Mark Blum. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.

Q: What is Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay?
A: The Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay – Motion Picture is an annual award. It is a Golden Globe Award.

Q: What is Jochen Borchert?
A: Jochen Borchert (born 25 April 1940) is a German politician. He was born in Nahrstedt, Stendal.

Q: What is Video game graphics?
A: Video game graphics refer to the visual elements and images displayed in video games. They play a crucial role in enhancing the gaming experience and immersing players in virtual worlds.

Q: What is Jenny Sjöwall?
A: Jenny Sjöwall (born 17 August 1971) is a Swedish archer. Sjöwall competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Saint-Point-Lac?
A: Saint-Point-Lac is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Q: What is Lagrange, Western Australia?
A: Lagrange, Western Australia is a rural area located in the Kimberley region, about 200 kilometers (120 miles) south of the town of Broome.

Q: What is South Frydek, Texas?
A: South Frydek is a city in Austin County, Texas, United States. establishments in Texas establishments in the United States in Austin County, Texas

Q: What is Avenay?
A: Avenay is a commune. It is in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Rhombozoa?
A: The Rhombozoa, or Dicyemida, are a group of tiny parasites that live in the renal appendages of cephalopods. Classification is controversial.

Q: What is Jean Delori?
A: Jean Delori (25 July 1874 — 23 November 1952) was a Belgian foil fencing Delori competed as at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the Fencing at the 1908 Summer Olympics – Open foil Delori was a managing director of the Clouterie et Tréfilerie des Flandres during the Interbellum. In Gentbrugge the street Delorilaan is named after him.

Q: What is Yuvan Shankar Raja?
A: Yuvan Shankar Raja (born 31 August 1979) is an Indian singer-songwriter, film score and soundtrack He is the third and youngest child of musician and film composer Ilaiyaraaja and his late wife Jeeva. He is the younger brother of music director Karthik Raja and playback singer & music director Bhavatharini.

Q: What is James Forrestal?
A: James Vincent Forrestal (February 15, 1892 – May 22, 1949) was a United States Secretary of the Navy and the first United States Secretary of Defense. States Secretaries of Defense States Secretaries of the Navy from New York (state) deaths births

Q: What is Le Reculey?
A: Le Reculey is a former commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Kemp, Texas?
A: Kemp is a city in Kaufman County, Texas, United States. establishments in Texas establishments in the United States in Kaufman County, Texas

Q: What is Solanum quitoense?
A: Solanum quitoense, also known as naranjilla (, "little orange") in Ecuador and Panama and as lulo (, from Quechua) in Colombia, is a perennial plant (fruit) found in South America. It appears to be similar to an orange at first glance, however the inner fruit is quite different, with a ring of blue seeds surrounding a cluster of orange seeds.

Q: What is Teresa Aquino-Oreta?
A: Maria Teresa Aquino-Oreta (born Maria Teresa Aquino Aquino) (June 28, 1944 &ndash; May 14, 2020), better known as Tessie Aquino-Oreta, was a Filipino Liberal politician. She was born in Concepcion, Tarlac.

Q: What is Rembert Dodoens?
A: Rembert Dodoens (29 June 1517 &ndash; 10 March 1585) was a Flemish physician and botanist. He is also known by his Latinized name Rembertus Dodonaeus.

Q: What is Old Saxon?
A: Old Saxon, sometimes called Old Low German, was a Germanic language. It was spoken from the 8th to the 12th century.

Q: What is Yarkon River?
A: . Yarkon River (, ') is a river in central Israel that flows into the Mediterranean Sea.

Q: What is Dome-mae Chiyozaki Station?
A: Dome-mae Chiyozaki Station (ドーム前千代崎駅, どーむまえちよざきえき) is a railway station of Osaka Municipal Subway in Nishi-ku, Osaka, Japan. There is Dome-mae Station(ドーム前駅, どーむまええき) which Hanshin Electric Railway possess near Dome-mae Chiyozaki Station.

Q: What is Aspall?
A: Aspall is a village and civil parish in Mid Suffolk, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 52 people living in Aspall.

Q: What is Charles L. Robinson?
A: Charles Lawrence Robinson (July 21, 1818 – August 17, 1894) was the first Governor of Kansas. He was very important in creating Lawrence, Kansas.

Q: What is Eight Second Ride?
A: "Eight Second Ride" is a 2009 song by country singer Jake Owen and is the second single from his second studio album Easy Does It. It was originally recorded for his debut studio album Startin' with Me and was re-recorded for his second studio album.

Q: What is Crowded House?
A: Crowded House are a New Zealand-Australian rock group. They formed in 1985 in Melbourne, led by New Zealand singer-songwriter Neil Finn.

Q: What is Maisnil?
A: Maisnil is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Sir Mix-A-Lot?
A: Sir Mix-a-Lot (born Anthony Ray on August 12, 1963) is an American rapper and producer. His style of music is called "hip-hop." He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Q: What is Vasiľ Biľak?
A: Vasiľ Biľak (11 August 1917 &ndash; 6 February 2014) was a Slovak communist leader. He was born in Krajná Bystrá, Austria-Hungary.

Q: What is Feminist pornography?
A: People who were active in the sex-positive feminism movement developed feminist pornography. Like normal pornography, the aim is to show sexually explicit images, or describe situations which help to sexually arouse women.

Q: What is Al-Hasakah Governorate?
A: Al-Hasakah Governorate (, , , also known as ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria. Its capital is Al-Hasakah.

Q: What is Sussudio?
A: "Sussudio" is a 1985 song by Phil Collins and was released in January, 1985. It is the opening track from his third studio album No Jacket Required.

Q: What is Sivakasi?
A: Sivakasi is a city and municipality in Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The town is known for its fire cracker, match box and printing industries.

Q: What is Lyda Conley?
A: Eliza Burton (Lyda) Conley (1869-1946) was the first female lawyer of Indian descent. She was the first Native American to argue in front of the Supreme Court.

Q: What is Fluntern?
A: seen from Fluntern church Fluntern is a quarter in district 7 in the city of Zürich in Switzerland. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own.

Q: What is Chinese folk religion?
A: deity (deified important ancestor) inside a temple in Maoming, Guangdong. , Hainan.

Q: What is Volunteers (1958 movie)?
A: Volunteers () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Egorov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Pyotr Shcherbakov, and Leonid Bykov.

Q: What is Hackettstown, New Jersey?
A: Hackettstown is a town in Warren County, New Jersey It is believed that Hackettstown was named after Samuel Hackett, an early settler and large landowner.

Q: What is Area codes 310 and 424?
A: Area codes 310 and 424 are area codes for California. Area code 310 was created on 1991, as a split from area code 213.

Q: What is 2006 RJ103?
A: (also written as 2006 RJ103) is a Neptune Trojan discovered by the SDSS Collaboration in 2006. Only four others are known: , 385571 Oterea, and 385695 Clete.

Q: What is Aylsham?
A: Aylsham is a town near the A140 road in Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 3,884 people living in Aylsham.

Q: What is Socorro dove?
A: The Socorro dove (Zenaida graysoni) is a dove that was endemic to Socorro Island on the west coast of Mexico. The last bird was seen there in 1972.

Q: What is St. Clement Parish (Ottawa)?
A: , home of St. Clement Parish St.

Q: What is Surjit Singh Barnala?
A: Surjit Singh Barnala (21 October 1925 &ndash; 14 January 2017) was an Indian politician. He was Chief Minister of Punjab from 29 September 1985 to 11 June 1987.

Q: What is Hurricane Patricia?
A: Hurricane Patricia of 2015 was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Western Hemisphere. The storm was headed for western Mexico.

Q: What is Nissan Leaf?
A: The (Leading Environmentally-friendly Affordable Family Car) is a 5-door electric hatchback car built by Nissan. The Nissan Leaf has become the first mass-market fully-electric vehicle.

Q: What is Rahm Emanuel?
A: Rahm Israel Emanuel (; born November 29, 1959) is an American politician. He was the United States Ambassador to Japan from 2022 to 2025.

Q: What is NGC 508?
A: view of NGC 507 (bottom) and NGC 508 (top) NGC 508 is an elliptical galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It is about 253 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Q: What is Trudlerbaach?
A: The Trudlerbaach is a small river which flows through the communes of Contern and Weiler-la-Tour in Luxembourg.

Q: What is Blubber?
A: Blubber is a layer of fat inside the skin of some animals, such as whales and seals. Blubber keeps these animals warm.

Q: What is Omid Abolhassani?
A: Omid Abolhassani (born September 20, 1988) is an Iranian football player. He currently plays for the Azadegan League club Giti Pasand as a Striker.

Q: What is The Captains (movie)?
A: The Captains is a 2011 documentary movie that is about actor William Shatner through interviews with the other actors who have played starship captains in five other versions of the Star Trek franchise. Shatner talks about his life and career before, during, and after his work on Star Trek.

Q: What is Hour record?
A: The hour record for bicycles is the record for the longest length rode in one hour on a bicycle. The first recorded hour record was in 1876 when F.

Q: What is Flight dynamics?
A: Flight dynamics is the study of the performance, stability, and control of things flying through the air or in outer space. It is concerned with how forces that act on the vehicle determine its velocity and altitude with respect to time.

Q: What is Morrinsville?
A: Morrinsville is a provincial town in the Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island, with a population of 7,000 in the 2013 Census The town is located at the northern base of the Pakaroa Range, and on the south-western fringe of the Hauraki Plains. Morrinsville is around 33 kilometres east of Hamilton, New Zealand

Q: What is The Fairly OddParents season 1?
A: The first season of The Fairly OddParents is the first installment of the series. It first aired on March 30, 2001 with the first episode "The Big Problem / Power Mad!".

Q: What is Franz Gürtner?
A: Franz Gürtner (26 August 1881 in Regensburg - 29 January 1941 in Berlin) was a German jurist and politician. Between 1932 and 1941 he was the minister of justice of the Third Reich.

Q: What is Lester Archer?
A: Lester Archer (1838 - October 27, 1864) was an American soldier. He received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.

Q: What is Barn?
A: A barn is a agricultural building used usually on farms and for various purposes. Most barns are used for storage The word barn comes from the Old English word, bere, for barley which means grain, and aern, for a storage place.

Q: What is Quatro de Fevereiro Airport?
A: Quatro de Fevereiro International Airport is the main international airport in Angola. It is in the southern part of Luanda.

Q: What is Hungary at the 2018 Winter Paralympics?
A: Hungary sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The country is sending three people to the games: One blind skier and his guide in para-alpine skiing and one woman para-Nordic skiing.

Q: What is Teachta Dála?
A: A Teachta Dála, is a member of Dáil Éireann, the lower house of the Irish parliament. Usually only the initials TD are used, after the person's name.

Q: What is Al Ayam (Sudan)?
A: Al Ayam is a Sudanese newspaper and is the oldest independently run newspaper in the country of Sudan. The newspaper was created by Mahjoub Mohamed Salih in the year 1958.

Q: What is Murder of Peter Falconio?
A: Peter Falconio (20 September 1972 - c. 14 July 2001) was an English tourist who went missing in Northern Territory, Australia in 2001.

Q: What is Gangnihessou?
A: Do-Aklin or Gangnihessou (Ganye Hessou) or Dogbari was the first of twelve kings of Dahomey in Africa. Gangnihessou might have been the king around the year 1620.

Q: What is Nufenen?
A: Nufenen (, ) was a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is on the San Bernardino tunnel road.

Q: What is Hoonah–Angoon Census Area, Alaska?
A: Hoonah–Angoon Census Area is a census area in the U.S. state of Alaska.

Q: What is It's Madness?
A: "It's Madness" is a 1985 song by Marvin Gaye and is the second posthumous song from his 18th studio album Dream of a Lifetime. It was produced by Harvey Fuqua and was recorded in the early 1970s.

Q: What is Karaj?
A: Karaj (Persian: کرج) is an Iranian city and main city of Alborz province. The city has about 1,370,000 inhabitants.

Q: What is Enner Valencia?
A: Enner Remberto Valencia Lastra (born 4 November 1989) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Campeonato Brasileiro Série A club Internacional and captains the Ecuador national football team

Q: What is Laran?
A: Laran is the god of war and bloodlust in Etruscan mythology. He was typically portrayed as a naked youth wearing a helmet and carrying a spear, and was associated with fire and the Sun.

Q: What is Jodie Whittaker?
A: Jodie Auckland Whittaker (born 17 June 1982) is an English actress. She first became known for her 2006 feature movie debut Venus.

Q: What is Viktor Ahn?
A: Viktor Ahn (; born November 23, 1985), also known as Ahn Hyun-soo () and Victor An, is a Russian short track speed skating athlete born in South Korea.

Q: What is Elma, Washington?
A: Elma is a city in Grays Harbor County, Washington, United States. It was settled in 1853.

Q: What is Kenneth Colley?
A: Kenneth Colley (7 December 1937 – 30 June 2025) was an English actor. He was known for his role as Admiral Piett in the Star Wars movies The Empire Strikes Back (1980) and Return of the Jedi (1983).

Q: What is Arthur Balfour?
A: Arthur James Balfour, 1st Earl of Balfour, KG OM PC (25 July 1848 – 19 March 1930) was a British Conservative statesman and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1902 until 1905. He was minister of Foreign Affairs from 1916 to 1919.

Q: What is Vignes, Yonne?
A: Vignes is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Q: What is Robin Bridgeman, 3rd Viscount Bridgeman?
A: Robin John Orlando Bridgeman, 3rd Viscount Bridgeman FCA (born 5 December 1930) is a British peer and politician. In 1958, Lord Bridgeman became a Chartered Accountant.

Q: What is Gilette?
A: Gilette is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Q: What is Thief II?
A: The Metal Age: Thief II: The Metal Age is a 2000 stealth video game developed by Looking Glass Studios and published by Eidos Interactive. Like its predecessor Thief: The Dark Project, the game follows Garrett, a master thief who works in and around a steampunk metropolis called the City.

Q: What is The Pursuit of Happyness?
A: The Pursuit of Happyness is a 2006 American biographical drama movie. The movie's story was about an entrepreneur, Chris Gardner, and his time while he was homeless.

Q: What is Victoria Coren Mitchell?
A: Victoria Coren Mitchell (born 18 August 1972) is a British journalist, television presenter and poker player. She was born in Hammersmith, London and raised in Cricklewood, London.

Q: What is Catherine E. Pugh?
A: Catherine Elizabeth Pugh (born March 10, 1950) is an American Democratic Party (United States) In April 2019, Pugh announced she was taking a leave of absence to recover from pneumonia. The announcement came at the same time when a scandal over a "self-dealing" book-sales arrangement of Pugh's books in exchange for contracts with the city were made public.

Q: What is Daytona International Speedway?
A: The Daytona International Speedway is a race track in Daytona Beach, Florida. It is where the two exhibition races, the Advance Auto Parts Clash, Can-Am Duel, and the two points-paying races, the Daytona 500 and Coke Zero Sugar 400 is held.

Q: What is Rolls-Royce Spectre?
A: The Rolls-Royce Spectre is a 4 seater luxury electric coupe made by Rolls-Royce. It was introduced in 2023.

Q: What is Alexander (ship)?
A: The Alexander was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet. The First Fleet carried convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony.

Q: What is Seimas?
A: The Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania (), or simply the Seimas, is the unicameral parliament of Lithuania. The Seimas either approves or rejects the candidate for the Prime Minister nominated by the President.

Q: What is Shannon City, Iowa?
A: Shannon City is a city in Iowa in the United States. establishments in Iowa in Ringgold County, Iowa in Union County, Iowa

Q: What is Hercules Unchained?
A: Hercules Unchained is a 1959 peplum movie starring Steve Reeves. It is a sequel to Hercules, also starring Reeves.

Q: What is Bad Grönenbach?
A: Bad Grönenbach is a market town in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. It belongs to the region of Upper Swabia and the headquarters of the community association of the same name.

Q: What is Structuring?
A: Structuring, also called smurfing is a way to cheat in American banking. It is the act of breaking a large sum of money into smaller sums to hide it from the law.

Q: What is Giant Slalom?
A: The Giant Slalom is a sport where you ski down a hill and make turns around obstacles called gates. It is similar to the normal Slalom except the gates are rather apart so you need to turn more.

Q: What is Sanson, New Zealand?
A: Sanson is a small settlement in the Manawatū District, New Zealand. It is on the junction of State Highways 1 and 3.

Q: What is Riki Sorsa?
A: Richard Esko "Riki" Sorsa (26 December 1952 &ndash; 9 May 2016) was a Finnish pop singer. He started his career in 1974 as the lead singer in the band The Zoo.

Q: What is Neutral Paralympic Athletes at the 2018 Winter Paralympics?
A: Russia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. They competed as "Neutral Paralympic Athletes" in 5 sports.

Q: What is Aluminij?
A: Aluminij is an aluminium manufacturing company headquartered in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina. At various points, it has been the countries' largest exporter and importer.

Q: What is Joel Comm?
A: Joel Comm is an American writer and Internet marketer. He presently serve as the CEO of a social media consulting company named InfoMedia.

Q: What is Michael Powell?
A: Michael Latham Powell (30 September 1905 – 19 February 1990) was an English filmmaker. He was known for directing and writing the movies The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp (1943), A Canterbury Tale (1944), I Know Where I'm Going! (1945), A Matter of Life and Death (1946), Black Narcissus (1947), The Red Shoes (1948), and The Tales of Hoffmann (movie)

Q: What is McAllister's Deli?
A: McAllister's Deli is an American chain of fast casual restaurants. It was founded in 1989 in Oxford, Mississippi, by retired dentist Dr.

Q: What is Hasbro?
A: Hasbro is an American toy company. It is one of the biggest toy and electronic audio game makers in the world (including board games), only Mattel is larger.

Q: What is The Future I Saw?
A: ' is a picture story book (manga) by Ryo Tatsuki. It was first printed on July 1, 1999.

Q: What is Star Walkin'?
A: "Star Walkin' (League of Legends Worlds Anthem)" is a song by American rapper Lil Nas X. Lil Nas X made the song as the anthem for the 2022 League of Legends World Championship.

Q: What is Bodfish, California?
A: Bodfish is a census-designated place in Kern County, California, just as down south in Lake Isabella, California

Q: What is Plouarzel?
A: Plouarzel () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Norman Lamm?
A: Norman Lamm (December 19, 1927 – May 31, 2020) was an American Modern Orthodox rabbi, scholar, author and Jewish communal leader. He was the Chancellor of Yeshiva University until his retirement on July 1, 2013.

Q: What is One Hot Minute?
A: One Hot Minute is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on September 12, 1995 by record label Warner Bros.

Q: What is FLOPS?
A: FLOPS is an acronym for "floating point operations per second". The FLOPS is a measure of a computer's performance, especially in the fields of calculations that make heavy use of floating point calculations.

Q: What is Ross Tolleson?
A: Thorborn Ross Tolleson Jr. (April 26, 1956 – November 5, 2021) was an American Republican politician and banker.

Q: What is On the Avenue?
A: On the Avenue is a 1937 American musical comedy movie directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Alice Faye, Dick Powell, Madeleine Carroll, George Barbier, The Ritz Brothers, Alan Mowbray. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Amaryllidaceae?
A: Amaryllidaceae is the botanical name of a family of flowering plants, sometimes plants in this family are described as amaryllid in the vernacular.

Q: What is U.S. Route 59?
A: U.S. Route 59 (US 59) is a north–south interstate highway in the United States.

Q: What is Candee Jay?
A: Candee Jay is a Dutch Eurodance group fronted by lead singer Ilze Lankhaar and produced by Alice Deejay producers Eelke Kalberg and Sebastiaan 'DJ Pronti' Molijn. musical groups

Q: What is Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid?
A: The Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid is a proposed pyramid shaped arcology that would be 2004 metres (2194 yards or 6,575ft ) tall. The geodesic pyramid would have the same proportions as the Great Pyramid of Giza, but unlike the Great Pyramid, would not be enclosed.

Q: What is Disciple (Christianity)?
A: In Christianity, the disciples were the students of Jesus during his ministry, which sometimes means only the Twelve Apostles, but the gospels speaks of different numbers of disciples. In the Book of Acts, the Apostles themselves have disciples.

Q: What is Georges Stuber?
A: Georges Stuber (11 May 1925 – 16 April 2006) was a former Swiss football player. He played as a goalkeeper.

Q: What is Nowe Warpno?
A: Nowe Warpno is a town in Poland in West Pomeranian Voivodeship. As of 2004, 1,214 people live there.

Q: What is Johann Olav Koss?
A: Johann Olav Koss (born 1968) is a Norwegian speed skater that has won some gold medals at the Winter Olympics.

Q: What is The Silent Hedonist?
A: De stille genieter (English title: The Silent Hedonist) is a 1961 Belgian comedy movie directed by Edith Kiel and starring Gaston Berghmans, Louisa Lausanne, Jef Cassiers, Cois Cassiers.

Q: What is Carrier-sense multiple access with collision avoidance?
A: Carrier Sense Multiple Access With Collision Avoidance or CSMA/CA is an access method (or protocol, or rule) used in Ethernet networks. In CSMA/CA, before a host sends information on the wire, it will "sense" to see if the wire is free of signals.

Q: What is Timurid dynasty?
A: The Timurid dynasty () or the Timurids, who called themselves Gurkānī (), were a Central Asian Sunni Muslim dynasty of Turco-Mongol lineage that rose to power in the late 14th century. Founded by Timur (Tamerlane), the dynasty ruled a vast empire across Iran, Transoxiana, Afghanistan, and parts of the Middle East.

Q: What is Waterloo & City line?
A: The Waterloo & City line, also nicknamed The Drain, is a short underground railway line in London. It was opened on 11 July 1898.

Q: What is Fools Garden?
A: Fools Garden is a German musical group. It was formed in 1991 under the name Fool's Garden.

Q: What is William Foege?
A: William Herbert Foege M.D., M.P.H. (; born March 12, 1936) is an American epidemiologist.

Q: What is West Hartford, Connecticut?
A: West Hartford is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. It is about west of downtown Hartford.

Q: What is Overland Park, Kansas?
A: Overland Park is a city in the U.S. state of Kansas.

Q: What is Rose of Washington Square?
A: Rose of Washington Square is a 1939 American musical drama movie directed by Gregory Ratoff and stars Tyrone Power, Alice Faye, Al Jolson, Moroni Olsen, Winifred Harris, Joyce Compton, William Frawley, Ralph Dunn, Louis Prima. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Phamdom?
A: Phamdom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Q: What is White chocolate?
A: White chocolate is a type of chocolate. White chocolate is made of cocoa butter, milk, and sugar.

Q: What is Fairy Godmother (Shrek)?
A: The Fairy Godmother is the main antagonist of the 2004 animated feature movie Shrek 2. She is voiced by Jennifer Saunders.

Q: What is Menachem Friedman?
A: Menachem Friedman (; born 1936 – 16 March 2020) is an Israeli sociologist. He was the Emeritus Professor of sociology at Bar Ilan University, Ramat-Gan.

Q: What is John Paul Getty Jr.?
A: Sir Paul Getty (; born Eugene Paul Getty; 7 September 1932 – 17 April 2003), was known widely as John Paul Getty Jr.. He was a British philanthropist and book collector.

Q: What is Wake Up Call?
A: Wake Up Call could mean: * Wake Up Call (CNBC) – business news television series on CNBC. * The Wake Up Call (The West Wing) – The West Wing episode.

Q: What is College of Charleston?
A: The College of Charleston (also known as CofC, The College, or Charleston) is a public liberal arts college in Charleston, South Carolina.

Q: What is Pore (skin)?
A: A pore is an opening in the surface of the skin. A pore leads to a sebaceous gland that lets out oil to lubricate and protect the skin.

Q: What is Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
A: Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a 1989 adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas and starring Harrison Ford in the title role. It co-stars Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Julian Glover, Alison Doody, River Phoenix and John Rhys-Davies.

Q: What is Ian Deans?
A: Ian Deans (August 16, 1937 – 3 May 2016) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Kilmarnock, Scotland but raised in Ontario, Canada.

Q: What is Sölvesborg Municipality?
A: Sölvesborg Municipality () is a municipality in Blekinge County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Sölvesborg.

Q: What is Frank Leboeuf?
A: Frank Leboeuf (born 22 January 1968) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

Q: What is Black (singer)?
A: Colin Vearncombe (26 May 1962 − 26 January 2016), known by his stage name Black, was an English singer-songwriter. He started his career in the punk rock music scene and went on to become a pop success in the late 1980s.

Q: What is Yahoo! Inc.?
A: Yahoo! Inc. is an American web services provider and a subsidiary of Apollo Global Management.

Q: What is Ueken?
A: Ueken was a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2023, the former municipalities of Herznach and Ueken merged to form the new municipality of Herznach-Ueken.

Q: What is Ryan Howard?
A: Ryan James Howard (born November 19, 1979), nicknamed "The Big Piece", is an American former professional baseball first baseman. Howard spent his entire Major League Baseball (MLB) career playing for the Philadelphia Phillies, from 2004 to 2016.

Q: What is Cotabato?
A: Cotabato or North Cotabato is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Soccsksargen region.

Q: What is Yareli Acevedo?
A: Yareli Acevedo Mendoza (born 29 July 2001) is a Mexican road and track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, in three events.

Q: What is Denomination (currency)?
A: When dealing with money, denomination is the value of the individual currency. For example a one dollar bill, a 100 dollar bill, a penny and a quarter are all different denominations of money.

Q: What is Zither?
A: A zither is a stringed musical instrument. The word 'Zithers' is a German rendering of the Greek word cithara, from which the modern word "guitar" also derives.

Q: What is Wildflowers (Tom Petty album)?
A: sang the leading song of the album Wildflowers Wildflowers is the second solo studio album by American musician Tom Petty, released on November 1, 1994. The album was the first released by Petty after signing a contract with Warner Bros.

Q: What is Pliego?
A: Pliego is a municipality in the Region of Murcia, in Spain. It has an area of 29.43 km² and a population of 3,913 people.

Q: What is Hazbin Hotel?
A: Hazbin Hotel is an American adult animated musical series created by Vivienne "VivziePop" Medrano. Its pilot was released to YouTube on October 28, 2019.

Q: What is Slide?
A: In photography, a slide is a thin translucent photograph bound in paper, plastic or similar frame and often used for projection with use of a slide projector for a slideshow. The terms reversal film and transparency are also used.

Q: What is Snyder, Texas?
A: Snyder is a city in, and the county seat of Scurry County, Texas, United States. The population was 11,438 at the 2020 census.

Q: What is Consummation of marriage?
A: , a medieval handbook on wellness. The first time married people have sexual intercourse with each other, after their marriage is called consummation.

Q: What is Battle of Sandwich (1217)?
A: The Battle of Sandwich, also called the Battle of Dover was on 24 August 1217. It was part of the First Barons' War.

Q: What is Vera Lynn?
A: Dame Vera Margaret Lynn CH DBE (née Welch; 20 March 1917 – 18 June 2020) was an English singer and actress. Lynn was born in East Ham, Essex.

Q: What is Robin Thede?
A: Robin Thede ( ; born July 27, 1979) is an American comedian, actress and writer. In 2015, she became the first African-American woman to be head writer for a late-night talk show (The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore).

Q: What is The Rules of Attraction?
A: The Rules of Attraction is a 2002 American satirical black comedy-drama movie. It stars James van der Beek and Jessica Biel.

Q: What is Protoplasm?
A: , and inside the wall is a cell membrane, then a thin layer of cytoplasm with the nucleus and other organelles in it. The cytoplasm is pressed against the cell wall by the very large vacuole.

Q: What is Rosie's Rules?
A: Rosie's Rules is an educational animated children's television series created by Jennifer Hamburg. The series premiered on October 3, 2022 on PBS Kids and October 11, 2022 on TVOKids.

Q: What is Michael Wilson (Canadian politician)?
A: Michael Holcombe Wilson, (November 4, 1937 – February 10, 2019) was a Canadians He was a member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada from 1979 to 1993. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.

Q: What is Running?
A: Running is the way in which people or animals travel quickly on their feet. It is a method of Terrestrial locomotion Running is a popular form of exercise.

Q: What is Gone to Coney Island and Booming Business?
A: Gone to Coney Island and Booming Business is a 1910 American silent comedy movie. It stars Anna Rosemond, Frank H.

Q: What is Diurnal?
A: Diurnality is a form of plant and animal behavior characterized by activity during daytime. Animals that are active during the day are called diurnal.

Q: What is Upland moa?
A: The upland moa (Megalapteryx didinus) was a type of moa. It only lived in New Zealand.

Q: What is Éhuns?
A: Éhuns is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Edmund Baidoo?
A: Edmund Baidoo (born 30 January 2006) is a Ghanaian professional footballer. He plays as a Forward for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

Q: What is Shu?
A: Shu may refer to: * Sichuan, China, officially abbreviated as Shu (蜀) *, Japanese footballer * Shu (Egyptian god)

Q: What is Westlake, Ohio?
A: Westlake is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Cleveland.

Q: What is André the Giant?
A: André René Roussimoff (May 19, 1946 – January 27, 1993) better known by his ring name, André the Giant, was a French professional wrestler and actor. He was best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation (WWF).

Q: What is Watertown, Massachusetts?
A: Watertown is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the greater Boston area.

Q: What is People's Republic?
A: People's Republic (sometimes called Popular Republic) is a name for a communist, usually Marxist-Leninist country. Currently, the People's Republic of China (PRC) is the only Marxist-Leninist state in the world that uses the title "People's Republic".

Q: What is Tindivanam taluk?
A: Tindivanam taluk is a taluk of Viluppuram district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Tindivanam.

Q: What is Vigil (movie)?
A: Vigil is a 1984 New Zealand drama movie directed by first time director Vincent Ward and starring Penelope Stewart, Frank Whitten, Bill Kerr, Fiona Kay, Gordon Shields.

Q: What is United States Postal Service?
A: The United States Postal Service (USPS) was founded in 1971, replacing the United States Post Office Department. Its headquarters is in Washington D.C.

Q: What is Open bolt?
A: A semi or fully automatic firearm is said to fire from an open bolt if, when ready to fire, the bolt and working parts are held to the rear. When the trigger is pulled the bolt goes forward, feeding a round from the magazine (or belt) into the chamber and firing it.

Q: What is Martin Keown?
A: Martin Raymond Keown (born 24 July 1966) is a retired English football player. He played as a defender from 1984 to 2005.

Q: What is Penguin (biscuit)?
A: Penguins are a type of biscuit that is made with milk chocolate and chocolate cream. They are made in Lancashire.

Q: What is Kurama (Naruto)?
A: Kurama, most commonly known as the Nine-Tailed Fox, Nine-Tails for short, is the fox demon spirit sealed inside of the fictional character Naruto. Kurama was one of the tailed beasts shown in the anime and manga Naruto.

Q: What is Akbuzat?
A: Akbuzat is a Bashkir folk epic. The main character of the epic is the winged horse Akbuzat.

Q: What is A Family at War?
A: A Family at War is a British drama television series that aired on ITV for 3 seasons and 52 episodes. It ran from 14 April 1970 to 16 February 1972 and starring Colin Douglas, Shelagh Fraser, Colin Campbell, Keith Drinkel, Barbara Flynn, Coral Atkins, David Dixon, John Nettles, Patrick Troughton, Margery Mason, Brett Usher.

Q: What is The Banger Sisters?
A: The Banger Sisters is a 2002 American comedy drama movie. The film is about two middle-aged women who were best friends and groupies when they were younger.

Q: What is Serial-position effect?
A: The serial position effect is a psychological phenomenon. It say that people are more likely to remember the first and last items on a list.

Q: What is Grant (money)?
A: A grant is money given by a government, company, foundation, or trust to a group, school, business, or person. Unlike a loan, a grant does not need to be paid back.

Q: What is Lapiș Forest?
A: Lapiș Forest () is a forest in northwestern Romania. It is near the village of Nușfalău, which is about 9&nbsp;km from Șimleu Silvaniei.

Q: What is Violin Concerto No. 1 (Saint-Saëns)?
A: The Violin Concerto No. 1 in A major, Op.

Q: What is Karl Durspekt?
A: Karl Franz Durspekt (23 November 1913 in Vienna, Austria – 14 February 1978 in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian football player. He played mainly for SK Admira Wien and Floridsdorfer AC as striker.

Q: What is Hinds County, Mississippi?
A: Hinds County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi.

Q: What is Nguyễn Thị Kim Ngân?
A: Nguyễn Thị Kim Ngân (born 12 April 1954 in Bến Tre Province) is a Vietnamese politician currently serving as Chairwoman of the National Assembly of Vietnam and the first woman to take the position. Previously, she served as Vice President of the National Assembly, Minister of Labor and President of Hải Dương Province.

Q: What is Economic bubble?
A: An economic bubble happens when a market goes through a very fast inflation of value. This increase is followed by a quick decrease in value, called a "crash" or a "bubble burst".

Q: What is Brexit?
A: Brexit () was a movement that promoted that the United Kingdom (UK) leave the European Union (EU). The name "Brexit" is a portmanteau of "British" and "exit".

Q: What is Denner?
A: Denner is a discount supermarket chain in Switzerland. It is Switzerland's third largest supermarket chain after Migros and Coop.

Q: What is Sumter County, South Carolina?
A: Sumter County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Carolina.

Q: What is Rosewood?
A: s in Dalbergia latifolia rosewood Rosewood is wood from a select number of trees of the genus Dalbergia. Note that many species in this genus are not trees, and that most of the species that are trees do not yield rosewood.

Q: What is Sasheer Zamata?
A: Sasheer Zamata Moore (; born May 6, 1986) is an American actress and comedienne. In 2014, she started appearing on Saturday Night Live.

Q: What is Janine Turner?
A: Janine Turner (born Janine Loraine Gauntt; December 6, 1962) is an American movie and television actress. She starred in the television drama Northern Exposure (which started in 1990 and ended in 1995) and in the movies Steel Magnolias and Cliffhanger.

Q: What is Cem Yılmaz?
A: Cem Yılmaz (born 23 April 1973) is a Turkish actor and comedian. His most notable movies started in 1998 with a co-starring role in the comedy Everything's Gonna Be Great (1998), directed by Ömer Vargi, and continued with a role in Vizontele (2001), directed by Yilmaz Erdogan and Ömer Faruk Sorak.

Q: What is Monika Linkytė?
A: Monika Linkytė (born 3 June 1992) is a Lithuanian singer who has represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest several times. She took part in the selection for the Lithuanian entry for the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 but did not succeed.

Q: What is Ostwald process?
A: The Ostwald process is a chemical process for making nitric acid (HNO3). The Ostwald process provides the main raw material for the most common type of fertilizer production.

Q: What is Malagasy?
A: Malagasy may refer to: *Someone or something from Madagascar *Malagasy people *Malagasy language *Malagasy Republic *Related to the culture of Madagascar

Q: What is The Starry Night?
A: The Starry Night is a famous painting of a moonlit sky with stars in it by Vincent van Gogh. It was painted in 1889.

Q: What is Lina Medina?
A: Lina Marcela Medina de Jurado (born 27 September 1933) is a Peruvian child who became the youngest confirmed mother in history. In 1939, she gave birth at the age of 5 years, 7 months and 21 days.

Q: What is Anne Redpath?
A: Anne Redpath (1895 – 1965) was a Scottish artist. She was born in Galashiels, Scotland.

Q: What is Slinky?
A: Slinky (also known as Spring) is a toy metal spring that tumbles end over end down stairs and even "walks". It was invented by Richard James in 1943, and quickly became a bestseller.

Q: What is Pixel?
A: . A pixel (short for picture element) is a single point in a picture.

Q: What is Alcor?
A: Alcor is a cryonics company that freezes dead people or animals. People do that in hope that, in the future when medicine becomes better, they can have life again, solve their health problems and have eternal life.

Q: What is Formentin?
A: Formentin is a commune. It is in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is John Banks Elliott?
A: John Banks Elliott (9 February 1917 &ndash; 18 July 2018) was a Ghanaian diplomat and statesman. He was Ghana's first Ambassador to the Soviet Union, from 1960 to 1966.

Q: What is The Ghost and Mrs. Muir?
A: The Ghost and Mrs. Muir is a 1947 American romantic fantasy movie directed by Joseph L.

Q: What is Pump It Up (Elvis Costello song)?
A: "Pump It Up" is a 1978 song by Elvis Costello and the Attractions. It is the second single from his second studio album This Year's Model.

Q: What is Nicaraguan Revolution?
A: The Nicaraguan Revolution in 1961-1990 of the Cold War, Between Contras and United States against FSLN and Panama.

Q: What is Are You Sure? (movie)?
A: Are You Sure? (French: En êtes-vous bien sûr?) is a 1947 French Belgian comedy movie directed by Jacques Houssin and starring Robert Dhéry, Martine Carol, Grégoire Aslan, Marcel Josz, Armand Crabbé, Colette Brosset. It was distributed by Les Films Corona.

Q: What is Succession to the Norwegian throne?
A: to the Norwegian throne The line of succession to the Norwegian throne is the list of people who may become King or Queen of Norway.

Q: What is Omayr?
A: Omayr () also known by the kunya Abu Nasrani () and Abu Wahab () was a Christian soldier, who fought in the Battle of Karbala. Omayr either belonged to the tribe of Banu al-Alim or the tribe of Banu Kalb.

Q: What is Navina Jafa?
A: Navina Jafa is a cultural heritage professional, Kathak classical dancer, author, cultural historian, performing arts scholar, cultural activist, and curator of signature heritage tours. She has made contributions in the field of cultural diplomacy and sustainable development through her work as a Fulbright Scholar at the Smithsonian Museum and various other prestigious roles.

Q: What is Fernsehturm?
A: The Berliner Fernsehturm or Fernsehturm Berlin (English: Berlin Television Tower) is the tallest television tower in central Berlin, Germany. It is tall.

Q: What is At Play Vol. 2?
A: At Play Volume 2 is an album from the progressive house artist Deadmau5. It follows from the success of the album At Play.

Q: What is Bee?
A: Bees are flying insects of the Hymenoptera, which also includes ants, wasps and sawflies. There are about 20,000 species of bees.

Q: What is Saint-Androny?
A: Saint-Androny is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is 2003 Copa América de Futsal?
A: The 2003 Copa América de Futsal was the 8th edition under FIFA rules, 19th edition of the main international futsal tournament of the South America region. It took place in Asunción, Paraguay from 26 August to 1 September 2003.

Q: What is Samir Mansour Library?
A: Samir Mansour Library is one of the most important and largest libraries in Gaza City. It is located on the 30th Street, which includes three universities: Al-Azhar, Al-Aqsa University, and the Islamic University.

Q: What is California State Route 62?
A: State Route 62 is a state highway in California, United States. It is about 151.438 miles (243.716 km) long, running through west in I-10 near Palm Springs to east in Earp which engulfs Arizona State Route 95.

Q: What is Sportacus?
A: as Sportacus at the UK Toy Fair 2009 Sportacus is the main good guy in the television series LazyTown, who is a character that promotes exercise and lives in an airship located above LazyTown. Sportacus is played by Magnús Scheving, who also created LazyTown.

Q: What is Order of the White Rose of Finland?
A: The Order of the White Rose of Finland is a Finnish order given for service to the country. This order can be received by foreigners as well as citizens.

Q: What is List of presidents of Equatorial Guinea?
A: The following is a list of presidents of Equatorial Guinea, since the establishment of the office of President in 1968.

Q: What is Leslie Koo?
A: Leslie Koo Cheng-yun (; 28 November 1954 – 23 January 2017) was a Taiwanese business executive and billionaire. He served as Chairman of Taiwan Cement Corporation until his death in 2017.

Q: What is Avast Antivirus?
A: Avast Antivirus is a brand of antivirus software. It is a free downloadable software that is compatible with Windows XP through Windows 10.

Q: What is Judith Jamison?
A: Judith Ann Jamison (pronounced JAM-ih-son; May 10, 1943 – November 9, 2024) was an American dancer and choreographer. She was the artistic director of Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater from 1989 until 2011.

Q: What is Vaginal lubrication?
A: Vaginal lubrication is wetness when a woman is sexually excited. This wetness is useful for when a woman wants to have sex.

Q: What is January 2025 TikTok ban?
A: On January 18, 2025, the day before the deadline of the law, TikTok voluntarily suspended its services in the United States, even though Joe Biden had declined to enforce the ban on his last day in office. The following day, after President-elect Donald Trump signaled that he would grant an extension to TikTok upon Second inauguration of Donald Trump

Q: What is Châteauneuf-le-Rouge?
A: Châteauneuf-le-Rouge is a commune of 2,070 people (as of 2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Q: What is Transposition?
A: Transposition means to change places. It is a technical term in several disciplines: *Transposition (music) *Transposition (chess) *Transposition (genetics), a term sometimes used for the action of a transposon

Q: What is Benni McCarthy?
A: Benni McCarthy (born 12 November 1977) was a South African football player. He played for West Ham United and the South Africa national team.

Q: What is Chrism?
A: The chrism is a mixture of pure olive oil and balm (balsam). The two elements signify "fullness of grace".

Q: What is Lonely (Eddie Cochran song)?
A: "Lonely" is a song written by Sharon Sheeley and recorded by Eddie Cochran and was released posthumously in 1960. It went to number 41 in the United Kingdom and did not chart in the United States.

Q: What is Space observatory?
A: File:Space telescopes.jpg|thumb|right|250px|Space observatories and their wavelength working ranges. A space observatory or a space telescope is any instrument (such as a telescope) in outer space which is used for observation of distant objects.

Q: What is Yuri Shatunov?
A: Yuriy Vasilevich Shatunov, commonly known as Yuri (Russian:Юрий Васильевич Шатунов) (6 September 1973 &ndash; 23 June 2022) was a Russian singer. He was best known for being the former frontman of the Russian 1980s band Laskoviy Mai (Ласковый май).

Q: What is Advance-fee scam?
A: An advance-fee scam is a form of fraud. It is one of the most common types of Scam The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) states that "An advance fee scheme occurs when the victim pays money to someone in anticipation of receiving something of greater value (...) and then receives little or nothing in return." There are many variations of this type of scam.

Q: What is Harry V. Jaffa?
A: Harry V. Jaffa (October 7, 1918 – January 10, 2015) was Professor Emeritus at Claremont McKenna College and Claremont Graduate University and a distinguished fellow of the Claremont Institute.

Q: What is Bob Bergen?
A: Robert Snelgrove “Bob” Bergen (born March 8, 1964) is an American voice actor. He is the current voice of the Warner Bros.

Q: What is Huw Edwards?
A: Huw Edwards (born 18 August 1961) was a newsreader and reporter who covered many royal events including weddings and funerals. He also announced the death of Elizabeth II.

Q: What is Chest of drawers?
A: A chest of drawers (also called a dresser) is a piece of furniture. It is made of lots of horizontal drawers.

Q: What is Crack?
A: Crack frequently refers to: * Crack, a fracture or discontinuation in a body * Crack, in geology, a fracture (geology) in a rock * Crack, short for crack cocaine, the freebase form of cocaine that can be smoked

Q: What is Two Gentlemen Sharing?
A: Two Gentlemen Sharing is a 1969 British drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the novel of the same name by David Stuart Leslie. It stars Rob Phillips, Judy Geeson, Norman Rossington, Rachel Kempson, Hilary Dwyer, Ram John Holder, Philip Stone, David Markham.

Q: What is Geek?
A: headset (Moscow, 2014). The word geek is a slang word.

Q: What is Still Holding On?
A: "Still Holding On" is a 1997 duet by country singers Clint Black and Martina McBride. It was taken from his seventh studio album Nothin' but the Taillights and her fourth studio album Evolution and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1998.

Q: What is United States Board on Geographic Names?
A: The United States Board on Geographic Names (BGN) is a United States federal body whose purpose is to establish and maintain uniform usage of geography The Board's purpose is to standardize -- not regulate -- US and foreign geographic names, including the names of geographical features underseas and in Antarctica.

Q: What is Muş?
A: Muş is a city in eastern Turkey. The city is in the Central Anatolia Region.

Q: What is Tomah, Wisconsin?
A: Tomah is a city in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 9,570 as of the 2020 United States Census Tomah was founded by Robert E.

Q: What is Kingdom of Mutapa?
A: The kingdom of Mutapa was a state that existed in Africa. It was made of parts of modern-day Zimbabwe, and the middle part of Mozambique.

Q: What is Horacio Accavallo?
A: Horacio Enrique Accavallo (14 October 1934 – 13 September 2022) was an Argentine professional boxer. He competed from 1956 until 1967.

Q: What is Sasebo slashing?
A: The was the murder of a 12-year-old Japanese schoolgirl, , by an 11-year-old female classmate known as "Girl A". The murder happened on June 1, 2004, at an elementary school located in Higashiokubocho, Sasebo, Nagasaki Prefecture.

Q: What is GirlsDoPorn?
A: GirlsDoPorn was an American pornographic website active between 2009 and 2020. It was based in San Diego, California.

Q: What is Richard Kosolapov?
A: Richard Ivanovich Kosolapov (; 25 March 1930 &ndash; 15 November 2020) was a Soviet Russian scientist, author, social philosopher and journalist. He was born in Novonikolaevskaya, Volgograd Oblast.

Q: What is List of cryptids?
A: Cryptids are animals that cryptozoologists believe may exist somewhere in the wild, but whose present existence is not verified. Creatures that may be considered cryptids include Bigfoot, Yeti, the chupacabra, the Jersey Devil, the Loch Ness Monster, and the Mokele-mbembe.

Q: What is Sant'Agapito?
A: Sant'Agapito is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region Molise. It is about west of Campobasso and about south of Isernia.

Q: What is The Cutting Edge?
A: The Cutting Edge is a 1992 American sports-romantic comedy movie directed by Paul Michael Glaser and written by Tony Gilroy. romantic comedy movies romantic drama movies American movies English-language movies sports movies ice hockey movies comedy-drama movies sports movies

Q: What is Newhaven?
A: Newhaven is a town and civil parish in East Sussex, England. In 2001 there were 11,171 people living in Newhaven.

Q: What is Se Se Seboti?
A: Se Se Seboti (or Seboti Kaonaba, also known as Seboti Kaonabi) refers to both a Meitei tradition

Q: What is Canned Heat (song)?
A: "Canned Heat" is a 1999 song by English funk band Jamiroquai and is the second single from their fourth studio album Synkronized. It went to number 2 in Hungary, Iceland and Spain, number 3 in Finland and Scotland, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in Canada and Italy, number 9 in Switzerland, number 14 in Ireland, number 20 in Australia, number 26 in New Zealand and number 35 in Sweden.

Q: What is Madison, Florida?
A: Madison is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Madison County.

Q: What is Perdasdefogu?
A: Perdasdefogu (Foghèsu) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,937 people lived there.

Q: What is Galeras?
A: Galeras (Urcunina among the 16th-century native people) is an Andean stratovolcano in the Colombian department of Nariño, near the departmental capital Pasto. Its peak rises above sea level.

Q: What is Santana (1969 album)?
A: Santana is the first studio album made by Santana, an American Latin rock band. It was released on June 22, 1969.

Q: What is Pir Sultan Abdal?
A: Pir Sultan Abdal (ca. 1480 - 1550) was an Alevit poet.

Q: What is Öland Bridge?
A: The Öland Bridge () is a road bridge in Sweden. It was completed in 1972.

Q: What is West Jutland (Folketing constituency)?
A: Infobox constituency |Municipality |Region |Central Denmark West Jutland () is a constituency of Denmark. It represents the region of West Jutland and elects 13 members.

Q: What is Mayor of Chicago?
A: was the first mayor of Chicago is the oldest living former Chicago mayor. He was 90 when he died was the mayor during the Great Chicago Fire in 1871 was the first mayor to be assassinated is thought to be one of the best mayors of Chicago because he helped clean the city was the city's first female mayor is considered to be another great Chicago mayor.

Q: What is Gerd Cintl?
A: Gerd Cintl (11 December 1938 – 26 December 2017) was a German rower. He competed for the United Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is E.S. Posthumus?
A: E.S. Posthumus is a two-person band.

Q: What is Principle of double effect?
A: The principle of double effect or doctrine of double effect is an idea in philosophy. It says that it can be morally good to do something that has a bad effect so long as it also has a larger good effect.

Q: What is Stuart Cornfeld?
A: Stuart Cornfeld (November 15, 1952 &ndash; June 26, 2020) was an American movie producer, and actor. He was business partners with Ben Stiller in the company, Red Hour Productions.

Q: What is Happy Birthday (Stevie Wonder song)?
A: "Happy Birthday" is a 1981 song by Stevie Wonder, released through Motown and is the fourth single from their 19th studio album Hotter than July. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Israel, number 5 in Ireland, number 23 in New Zealand, number 12 in the Netherlands and number 31 in Australia.

Q: What is The Art of War II?
A: Betrayal: The Art of War II: Betrayal is a 2008 American Canadian action spy movie directed by Joesf Rusnak and starring Wesley Snipes, Lochlyn Munro, Athena Karkanis, Winston Rekert, Ryan McDonald, Rachel Hayward, Scott Heindl, Michael Ryan. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Q: What is Eastern Region, Venezuela?
A: The Eastern Region is one of the 10 administrative regions in Venezuela. It contains the states of Anzoátegui, Monagas and Sucre.

Q: What is Forbes (band)?
A: Forbes was a Sweden The band represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1977, with the entry "Beatles". The song is about the British band The Beatles.

Q: What is Ricardo Faty?
A: Ricardo William Faty (born 4 August 1986) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. Born in France, he played for the Senegal national team.

Q: What is Amsterdam Museum?
A: The Amsterdam Museum is a museum in Amsterdam. Before 2011 it was called the Amsterdams Historisch Museum.

Q: What is Estonia at the Olympics?
A: Estonia first competed in the Olympic Games at the 1920 Summer Olympics after becoming independence from Russia in 1918. The National Olympic Committee was created in 1923.

Q: What is Leo De Lyon?
A: Irving Levin (April 27, 1926 - September 18, 2021), known professionally by his stage name Leo De Lyon, was an American actor who was best known for his role as Spook and Brain in the prime time animated series Top Cat (1961-1962).

Q: What is ENSTA Paris?
A: École nationale supérieure de techniques avancées (ENSTA ParisTech) is a engineering graduate school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay.

Q: What is Cliff Finch?
A: Charles Clifton "Cliff" Finch (April 4, 1927 – April 22, 1986) was an American politician. He was the 56th Governor of Mississippi.

Q: What is Santa Maria degli Angeli?
A: Santa Maria degli Angeli is an unfinished construction in Florence that has been under construction since the 15th century by Filippo Brunelleschi. and structures in Italy

Q: What is Infomercial?
A: , shown in 1949. This was one of the first informercials.

Q: What is Targeted killing?
A: like the MQ-9 Reaper, named after the grim reaper. Targeted killing is a form of assassination.

Q: What is Lina?
A: Lina is a given name for women. The name Lina is of Arabic origin and means "tender" or "soft".

Q: What is TVO?
A: TVO (stylized as tvo), formerly known as TVOntario, is a Canadian publicly funded English-language educational television network and media organization. They are serving the Canadian province of Ontario.

Q: What is Paul Murphy, Baron Murphy of Torfaen?
A: Paul Peter Murphy, KCMCO, KSG (born November 25, 1948) is a Welsh politician and held several cabinet posts, including Secretary of State for Wales. He is the Member of Parliament for the Torfaen constituency in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Carvalho Leite?
A: Carlos Antônio Dobbert de Carvalho Leite (June 25, 1912 &ndash; July 19, 2004), best known as Carvalho Leite is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Q: What is Sydney Harbour Bridge?
A: The Sydney Harbour Bridge, in Sydney Harbour, is a bridge that joins north Sydney with south Sydney. People can cross the bridge by car, bicycle, walking or by public transport.

Q: What is Parvin E'tesami?
A: Parvin E'tesami (March 17, 1907 – April 5, 1941; ) is an Iranian poet. She was daughter of Yosuf E'tesami, Iranian poet and writer.

Q: What is Rene Rivkin?
A: Rene Rivkin (June 6, 1944 – May 1, 2005) was an Australian man, born in Shanghai, who made much money by buying stocks and shares on the Australian stockmarket. Rivkin had his own television show and magazine to help people to make money.

Q: What is Irvine, California?
A: Irvine () is a city in Orange County, California, United States. It is a planned city, mostly made by the Irvine Company since the 1960s.

Q: What is Cesare Bovo?
A: Cesare Bovo (born 14 January 1983) is an Italian retired professional footballer who played as a centre back.

Q: What is Philippe Jaccottet?
A: Philippe Jaccottet (; 30 June 1925 - 24 February 2021) was a Swiss Francophone poet and translator. He was born in Moudon, Switzerland.

Q: What is Bunny Roser?
A: Bunny Roser (November 15, 1901 – May 6, 1979) was a former baseball player for the Boston Braves. He was a left fielder.

Q: What is Believe (Brooks & Dunn song)?
A: "Believe" is a song by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn from her ninth studio album, Hillbilly Deluxe (2005).

Q: What is Seljuk dynasty?
A: The Seljuks (also Seldjuk, Seldjuq, Seljuq, sometimes also Seljuk Turks) were a Turkic Sunni Muslim dynasty of Oghuz origin. They ruled parts of Central Asia and the Middle East from the 11th to 14th centuries.

Q: What is Maria Alexandru?
A: Maria Alexandru (née Golopența; 30 December 1939 – 27 November 2024) was a Romanian table tennis player. From 1957 to 1980 she won several medals in singles, doubles, and team events in the Table Tennis European Championships.

Q: What is Reptile?
A: Reptile is the common name for one of the main groups of land vertebrates. It is not used so much by biologists, who use more accurate terms.

Q: What is Haran?
A: Haran was a son of Terah and brother of Abraham who died when Terah was still alive. According to a Midrash in the Talmud, King Nimrod tried to burn Abraham but Abraham survived so Haran said that he believed in the God of Abraham and that the Lord would save him with a miracle like how He saved Abraham.

Q: What is Protactinium?
A: Protactinium is a very radioactive chemical element with the symbol Pa and atomic number 91. The density of this element is 231.04

Q: What is General Mills?
A: General Mills Inc. is an American corporation, focused on food products.

Q: What is Lempire?
A: Lempire is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is John James (Michigan politician)?
A: John Edward James (born June 8, 1981) is an American businessman and politician who is the U.S. Representative for Michigan's 10th congressional district since 2023.

Q: What is Obergefell v. Hodges?
A: Obergefell v. Hodges was a landmark decision United States Supreme Court case.

Q: What is Miyako, Iwate?
A: is a city in Iwate Prefecture, Japan. It was founded on February 11, 1941.

Q: What is World Trade Center (movie)?
A: World Trade Center is a 2006 American survival disaster drama movie directed by Oliver Stone. It is based on the September 11, 2001 attacks at the World Trade Center.

Q: What is Northern Liberties Township, Pennsylvania?
A: Northern Liberties is a neighborhood in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. It is north of Center City along the Delaware River.

Q: What is COVID-19 pandemic in Nebraska?
A: The COVID-19 pandemic first entered the U.S. state of Nebraska in early March 2020.

Q: What is Eye makeup?
A: creates a more dramatic effect Eye makeup is a type of cosmetics which aims to make the eyes look noticeable and attractive. It is mostly used by females, and by stage performers of all types.

Q: What is National emblem of Bangladesh?
A: . The National Emblem of Bangladesh was adopted shortly after independence in 1971.

Q: What is Get Dumb?
A: "Get Dumb" is a 2007 single by Swedish DJs Axwell, Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso (later known as Swedish House Mafia) along with Dutch DJ Laidback Luke. The song was also the first ever collaboration by the Swedish trio before their formation as a supergroup.

Q: What is Dana Andrews?
A: Dana Andrews (January 1, 1909 – December 17, 1992) was an American movie actor. He was one of the most famous Hollywood actors during the 1940s.

Q: What is Walter Benz?
A: Walter Benz (May 2, 1931 – January 13, 2017) was a German mathematician, an expert in geometry. Benz was born in Mainz, Germany.

Q: What is Carmilla (web series)?
A: Carmilla is the name of a web series about a vampire. This web series is on YouTube and has three seasons.

Q: What is Sara Hoxha?
A: Sara Hoxha (born 18 January 1996) is an Albanian television executive producer and businesswoman. She works for Top Media Group.

Q: What is Saturn Nebula?
A: The Staturn Nebula is a planetary nebula in the constellation of Aquarius. It is about 2,400 light-years away from Earth.

Q: What is Parkway Garden Homes?
A: Parkway Gardens Apartment Homes, known as O-Block is a group of apartments with 694 units located in the Greater Grand Crossing area. It is also on the border of Woodlawn and Washington Park.

Q: What is Patricio Manns?
A: Iván Patricio Eugenio Manns de Folliot (3 August 1937 – 25 September 2021) was a Chilean singer, composer, writer, poet, novelist, essayist, play writer and journalist. He was critic of dictator Augusto Pinochet.

Q: What is Marano di Napoli?
A: Marano di Napoli is an Italian city in Campania. It is next to Naples.

Q: What is Away from Home Tour?
A: The Away from Home Tour was Canadian rapper Drake's first concert tour as a headlining act. It was for his 2010 debut studio album Thank Me Later and his EP So Far Gone.

Q: What is Elwood Edwards?
A: Elwood Hughes Edwards Jr. (November 6, 1949 &ndash; November 5, 2024) was an American voice actor and radio host.

Q: What is Jens Christian Skou?
A: Jens Christian Skou (; October 8, 1918 &ndash; May 28, 2018) was a Danish medical doctor and Nobel laureate. He was born in Lemvig, Denmark.

Q: What is Vindhyachal Temple?
A: Vindhyachal Temple, also known as Maa Vindhyavasini Temple and Vindhyachal Dham, is a Hindu temple dedicated to the mother goddess Vindhyavasini. It is located on the bank of the Ganga River in Vindhyachal, Mirzapur district, Uttar Pradesh, India.

Q: What is Party leader?
A: In politics, the party leader is the most powerful official within a political party. The party leader is typically responsible for managing the party's relationship with the general public.

Q: What is Khoirentak tiger?
A: The Khoirentak tiger () was a vicious monster in Meitei mythology that lived in Khoirentak a kom village. It was eventually killed by Khuman Khamba.

Q: What is Saria?
A: The name Saria can mean a number of things: * Saria Island, an island in Greece * Saria, a character from the video game The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time * Saria, Burkina Faso

Q: What is Ursula Haverbeck?
A: Ursula Hedwig Meta Haverbeck-Wetzel ( Wetzel; 8 November 1928 – 20 November 2024) was a German neo-nazi activist and sued and convicted many times for Holocaust denial, which is a crime in Germany. She was born in Hesse-Nassau, Prussia, Weimar Republic In November 2015, at the age of 87, she was sentenced to ten months in prison for Holocaust denial.

Q: What is Painted turtle?
A: The painted turtle (Chrysemys picta) is a type of turtle that lives in North America. It lives in slow-moving fresh waters, from southern Canada to northern Mexico, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific.

Q: What is Neverland?
A: Neverland is a fictional island that is the setting for the novel Peter Pan by J.M. Barrie.

Q: What is Goofy Gymnastics?
A: Goofy Gymnastics is a Goofy cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 23, 1949.

Q: What is Aman Andom?
A: Aman Mikael Andom (1924-1974) was an Eritrean general who was made Chairman of the Derg, and was Head of State of Ethiopia from 15 September until 17 November, 1974. births deaths people of state military people politicians

Q: What is A Weekend in the City?
A: A Weekend in the City is the second studio album by Bloc Party. It was released on 5 February 2007.

Q: What is Coat of arms of Peru?
A: The Coat of arms of Peru is the national symbolic emblem of Peru. Four types are used: the Coat of Arms ('); the National Coat of Arms, or National Shield ('); the Great Seal of the State ('); and the Naval Coat of Arms (').

Q: What is Gatka?
A: tribesmen performing Gatka in northern Pakistan. Gatka is a martial art most commonly practised in the Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent.

Q: What is We Were Strangers?
A: We Were Strangers is a 1949 American adventure drama movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1948 novel Rough Sketch by Robert Sylvester. It stars Jennifer Jones, John Garfield, Pedro Armendáriz, Gilbert Roland, Ramon Novarro, Wally Cassell and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Q: What is International Philosophy Olympiad?
A: The International Philosophy Olympiad (IPO) is one of the International Olympiads for high-school pupils. It first took place in 1993.

Q: What is Super Bowl XXVI?
A: Super Bowl XXVI was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Washington Redskins and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Buffalo Bills to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1991 season. The Redskins beat the Bills by a score of 37–24, bringing the number of Super Bowls they won to three.

Q: What is Fantastic Four (2005 movie)?
A: Fantastic Four is a 2005 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics comic Fantastic Four. The movie was released in the United States on July 8, 2005.

Q: What is Insuetophrynus acarpicus?
A: Barrio's frog (Insuetophrynus acarpicus) is a frog. It is the only frog in the group Insuetophrynus.

Q: What is Barbara Barrie?
A: Barbara Barrie (born Barbara Ann Berman, May 23, 1931) is an American actress, singer and author. She was born in Chicago.

Q: What is Trinità d'Agultu e Vignola?
A: Trinità d'Agultu e Vignola (La Trinitàie Vignòla) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,245 people lived there.

Q: What is Messier 74?
A: Messier 74, also known as NGC 628 and Phantom Galaxy is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Pisces. It is about 32 million light-years away from Earth.

Q: What is Chiayi City?
A: Chiayi City (; Taiwanese: Ka-gī chhī) is a provincial city of southwestern Taiwan Province of the Republic of China. Formerly called Kagi during the Japanese era, its historical name in Chinese (諸羅山) is borrowed from the Taiwanese aboriginal word Tirosen.

Q: What is Postage meter?
A: A postage meter is a mechanical device used to create and apply physical evidence of postage to mailed matter.

Q: What is Wreck on the Highway (Bruce Springsteen song)?
A: "Wreck on the Highway" is a 1980 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the last track from his fifth studio album The River. In the United Kingdom, it was released as the B-side to the single Cadillac Ranch.

Q: What is Młoszowa?
A: Młoszowa [] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia in Chrzanów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is southeast of Trzebinia, east of Chrzanów, and west of the regional capital Kraków.

Q: What is Edgar Degas?
A: , Paris, France Edgar Degas (, ; born Hilaire-Germain-Edgar De Gas, ; 19 July 183427 September 1917) was a French artist. He is famous for his paintings and sculptures: he was one of those who started Impressionism, although he rejected the term, and preferred to be called a draughtsman, he is identified with the subject of the dance, and over half of his works depict dancers.

Q: What is Pietro Brollo?
A: Pietro Brollo (1 December 1933 – 5 December 2019) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Tolmezzo.

Q: What is Harold Schechter?
A: Harold Schechter (born June 28, 1948) is an American true crime writer. His works focuses on serial killers.

Q: What is AFS?
A: AFS is an initialism. It may refer to: * AFS Intercultural Programs, formerly American Field Service * Air force station * Afghan afghani, unit of currency

Q: What is Marktsteft?
A: Marktsteft () is a town in Kitzingen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the left bank of the Main, southwest of Kitzingen.

Q: What is Dennis Gabor?
A: Dennis Gabor ( ; ; 5 June 1900 – 9 February 1979) was a electrical engineer and physicist, most notable for inventing holography, for which he later received the 1971 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Q: What is Greek language?
A: The Greek language, also referred to as the Grecian language, is an Indo-European language that is the official language of Greece (Hellas) and Cyprus. It was first spoken in Greece and was also once spoken along the coast of Asia Minor (now part of Turkey) and in southern Italy.

Q: What is Electoral district of Ivanhoe?
A: Ivanhoe is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1945.

Q: What is The Gondoliers?
A: The Gondoliers; or, The King of Barataria is an operetta in two acts by Gilbert and Sullivan. It is the twelfth of their fourteen operettas.

Q: What is Differential privacy?
A: Differential privacy is a mathematically-rigorous definition of privacy. An algorithm uses a dataset to calculate its output.

Q: What is Larrabee, Iowa?
A: Larrabee is a city in Cherokee County, Iowa in the United States. The population was 123 at the 2020 U.S.

Q: What is Lower Canada?
A: The Province of Lower Canada was a British colony in Canada. It included Labrador and the southern part of Quebec.

Q: What is Andy García?
A: Andrés Arturo García Menéndez (born April 12, 1956), professionally known as Andy Garcia, is an Cuban American actor and director born in Cuba. He became famous in the 1990s, when he acted in many successful Hollywood movies, including The Godfather: Part III, When a Man Loves a Woman, Ocean's Eleven, and Ocean's Thirteen.

Q: What is Amelia Dyer?
A: Amelia Dyer (1829 - 10 June 1896) was an English serial killer, after she was widowed in 1869 she started baby farming. She was executed in 1896 at Newgate Prison.

Q: What is Tore Pedersen?
A: Tore Pedersen (born 29 September 1969) is a former Norwegian football player. He has played for Norway national team.

Q: What is Benedict To Varpin?
A: Benedict To Varpin (24 July 1936 &ndash; 8 September 2020) was a New Papua Guinean Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1971.

Q: What is Alison?
A: Alison [al-uh-suhn] is a female given name that has many kinds of spellings. It was originally in medieval Norman.

Q: What is Legionnaires' disease?
A: Legionnaires' disease is a form of pneumonia caused by any type of Legionella bacteria. Over 90% of cases are caused by Legionella pneumophila.

Q: What is Antonio Velasco Piña?
A: Antonio Velasco Piña (8 September 1935 – 27 December 2020) was a Mexican novelist, spiritual writer and essayist. He was the founder of La Nueva Mexicanidad, a group supporting Aztec religion.

Q: What is Wilmot Proviso?
A: The Wilmot Proviso was a suggested American law to outlaw slavery in territory acquired from Mexico in the Mexican–American War. The conflict over the Wilmot proviso was one of the main events leading to the American Civil War.

Q: What is Paso Robles, California?
A: Paso Robles ( ), officially El Paso de Robles (Spanish for "The Pass of Oaks"), is a city in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.

Q: What is Kulturzentrum Bremgarten?
A: Kulturzentrum Bremgarten (KuZeB) is a Swiss community place where events can be held. It began in 1992 as a result of a squat (illegally taken over building).

Q: What is Hamtaro?
A: The Adventures of Hamtaro (とっとこハム太郎, Tottoko Hamutarō, literally Trotting Hamtaro) is a Japanese children's anime preschool series created by Ritsuko Kawai. The main character is a hamster named Hamtaro.

Q: What is The Wind (1959 movie)?
A: The Wind () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov. It stars Eduard Bredun, Tamara Loginova, and Elza Lezhdey.

Q: What is Gary Snyder?
A: Gary Snyder (born May 8, 1930) is an American writer. He is also an essayist, lecturer, and environmental activist.

Q: What is Hülben?
A: Hülben is a municipality in Reutlingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is on the northern edge of the Swabian Jura, across the spa town of Bad Urach.

Q: What is The Man from Utah?
A: The Man from Utah is a 1934 American western movie directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne, Polly Anne Young, Yakima Canutt, George Cleveland.

Q: What is Rackstraw Downes?
A: Rackstraw Downes (born 1939) is a British-born American realist painter and author. Downs was born Rodney Harry Rackstraw Downes in Pembury, Kent, England.

Q: What is Federico Peña?
A: Federico Fabian Peña (born March 15, 1947) was United States Secretary of Transportation from 1993 to 1997 and United States Secretary of Energy from 1997 to 1998, during the presidency of Bill Clinton.

Q: What is Hurricane Nora (1997)?
A: Hurricane Nora was the first hurricane to cause a significant danger to the Continental United States since Kathleen in 1976. Part of a tropical wave that contributed to the formation of Hurricane Erika in the Atlantic moved into the Pacific and became Tropical Depression 16-E on September 16 and Tropical Storm Nora that same day.

Q: What is Paul Jenkins (actor)?
A: Paul Jenkins (August 2, 1938 &ndash; July 1, 2013) was an American actor. He appeared on many television programs such as M*A*S*H, Columbo, Lou Grant, Kojak, The Partridge Family, and in Starsky and Hutch.

Q: What is Yours Truly (Ariana Grande album)?
A: Yours Truly is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter and producer Ariana Grande. It was released in August 30 2013.

Q: What is Political philosophy?
A: (left) and Aristotle (right), from a detail of The School of Athens, a fresco by Raphael. Plato's Republic and Aristotle's Politics were influential works Political philosophy is the study of politics, liberty, justice, property, and rights.

Q: What is Stromule?
A: A stromule is a microscopic structure found in plant cells. Stromules (stroma-filled tubules) are highly dynamic structures extending from the surface of all plastids, including chloroplasts.

Q: What is Galapagos shark?
A: The Galapagos shark (Carcharhinus galapagensis) is a species of Requiem shark, in the order of Carcharhiniformes. The Galapagos shark is a large species, reaching a maximum length of up to 12.1 feet (3.8 metres), and weighing up to 86 kg.

Q: What is Austin Murphy?
A: Austin John Murphy (June 17, 1927 &ndash; April 13, 2024) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania from 1977 to 1995.

Q: What is Kim Jung-woo?
A: Kim Jung-Woo (born 9 May 1982) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

Q: What is Aurelio Galfetti?
A: Aurelio Galfetti (2 April 1936 – 5 December 2021) was a Swiss architect. Galfetti was born in Biasca, Ticino.

Q: What is Junior?
A: Junior is when a son has the same name as the father, in which case he is referred to by his father's name plus Junior. For instance, if the father is Bob Jones, the son would be Bob Jones Junior (or Bob Jones Jr., for short).

Q: What is John Bryson?
A: John E. Bryson (July 24, 1943 – May 13, 2025) was an American politician.

Q: What is Roppe?
A: Roppe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Q: What is Cape Girardeau County, Missouri?
A: Cape Girardeau County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Missouri; its eastern border is formed by the Mississippi River.

Q: What is Naples, Utah?
A: Naples is a city in Uintah County, Utah, United States. establishments in Utah Territory in Utah in Uintah County, Utah

Q: What is Clinical psychology?
A: Clinical psychology is the study in psychology of mental disorders. It is about learning, understanding, diagnosing, treating or preventing these types of illnesses.

Q: What is Supreme Court of Iran?
A: The Supreme Court of Iran is the highest juridical power in Iran. It was created to help enforce the country's laws by courts of justice.

Q: What is List of governors of Wisconsin?
A: The Governor of Wisconsin is the head of the executive branch of army and Wisconsin Air National Guard

Q: What is Joseph Chamberlain?
A: Joseph Chamberlain (8 July 1836 – 2 July 1914), was an important businessman and a politician. He worked to improve education, and cities.

Q: What is Ankeny, Iowa?
A: Ankeny is a city in Iowa in the United States. It has a population of 67,887 and is the 3rd biggest city in Polk County.

Q: What is Cat Power?
A: Charlyn Marie Marshall (better known by her stage identity Cat Power; 21 January, 1972) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She has been releasing albums since 1992.

Q: What is Itta Bena, Mississippi?
A: Itta Bena is a city in Leflore County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,679 at the 2020 census.

Q: What is Ulisses Correia e Silva?
A: José Ulisses de Pina Correia e Silva () (born 4 June 1962) is a Cape Verdean businessman and politician. He has been Prime Minister of Cape Verde since 22 April 2016.

Q: What is Martin Elkort?
A: Martin Edward Elkort (April 18, 1929 – November 19, 2016) is an American photographer, illustrator and writer. He is best known for his street photography.

Q: What is Awista Ayub?
A: Awista Ayub (c. 1979) is an Afghan writer.

Q: What is Fleet Foxes?
A: Fleet Foxes is an American indie folk band that started in Seattle, Washington. It is signed to the Sub Pop and Bella Union record labels.

Q: What is Khamosh Pani?
A: Khamosh Pani (, , ) is a 2003 French/German production about a widowed mother and her young son set in a late 1970s village in Punjab, Pakistan which is coming under radical influence. The movie was released in India too.

Q: What is Palace of Soviets?
A: The Palace of the Soviets (Russian: Dvorjez Sovjetov / Дворец Советов) was a building project planned by the government of the Soviet Union. A contest was held for the architectural design of the building from 1931 until 1933.

Q: What is Walla Walla County, Washington?
A: Walla Walla County is a county located in the U.S. state of Washington.

Q: What is Collectivity of Saint Martin?
A: Saint Martin (French: Saint-Martin), officially the Collectivity of Saint Martin (French: Collectivité de Saint-Martin), is an overseas collectivity of France. It was created on 22 February 2007.

Q: What is Imphal Polo Ground?
A: The "Imphal Polo Ground" (, ), originally known as "Mapal Kangjeibung" (, ), is the world's oldest polo ground, in Imphal, the metropolis of Manipur. It has its earliest recorded history of existence right from the 15th century BC (3500 years back).

Q: What is Barles?
A: Barles is a French commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.

Q: What is Boycotts of Israel in sports?
A: A number of countries have refused to recognize Israel and have boycotted its athletes in sports. This has led to Israeli athletes being disqualified or denied entry to some competitions.

Q: What is The Daily Show?
A: The Daily Show is an Emmy Award-winning news parody television program. It airs each Monday through Thursday on Comedy Central in the United States.

Q: What is Hejce?
A: Hejce is a village in Gönc District in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County, Hungary. In 2024, 209 people lived there.

Q: What is Rosângela Lula da Silva?
A: Rosângela da Silva (born 27 August 1966), commonly known by her nickname Janja, is a Brazilian Sociology

Q: What is CatholicTV?
A: The CatholicTV Network, commonly known as CatholicTV, is a Catholic television network based in Watertown, Massachusetts. CatholicTV first launched locally in Boston in 1955, making it the oldest Catholic television network in the United States.

Q: What is Letícia Sabatella?
A: Letícia Sabatella (born March 8, 1971 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian actress. Letícia was two years old when her family moved Itajubá (MG) to the mining town of Conceição das Alagoas.

Q: What is Colin Gubbins?
A: Colin Gubbins was Major-General Sir Colin McVean Gubbins KCMG DSO MC (2 July 1896 – 11 February 1976). He was head of the Special Operations Executive (SOE) in the Second World War.

Q: What is Walworth County?
A: Walworth County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Walworth County, South Dakota * Walworth County, Wisconsin

Q: What is Faunus?
A: Faunus ([fau̯nʊs]) was the horned god of the forest, plains, horned animals, and fields in Roman mythology. spirits gods and goddesses

Q: What is Optical character recognition?
A: Optical character recognition (OCR) is a method of automatic data entry. OCR software is used to convert handwritten, type-written or printed text into data that can be edited on a computer.

Q: What is Shark fin soup?
A: Shark fin soup (or shark's fin soup) is a popular soup in Chinese cuisine, and other Asian cuisine. It is usually served at special occasions such as weddings and banquets.

Q: What is Mi'kmaq?
A: The Mi'kmaq (; (also spelled Míkmaq, Mi'gmaq, Mi'qmac, or formerly Micmac) are a First Nations or Native American in the United States people, indigenous to northeastern New England, Canada's Atlantic Provinces, and the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands.

Q: What is Miossens-Lanusse?
A: Miossens-Lanusse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Colleyville, Texas?
A: Colleyville is a city and suburb of Dallas and Fort Worth located in northeast public schools, public safety, wealth, and rural atmosphere.

Q: What is Zhu Zhisong?
A: Zhu Zhisong (; born February 1969) is a former politician. He used to be a representative of the 20th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party and an alternate member of the 20th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.

Q: What is 1994 Northridge earthquake?
A: The 1994 Northridge Earthquake was a violent natural disaster that took place on Monday, January 17, 1994 at 0430 Pacific Standard Time around the Los Angeles area. The earthquake had a strong moment magnitude at around 6.7, although ground acceleration was one of the highest ever recorded in an urban region of North America.

Q: What is Arthur Edward Waite?
A: British Poet Lived through October 2, 1857 through May 19, 1942 A well renowned member of the Golden Dawn a secret society that followed Hermeticism, births deaths poets

Q: What is Centre-left?
A: The centre-left or center-left is a political position that is closer to the left wing than the right wing and shares some politically left views and positions, but is still generally in the centre of the political spectrum. The term 'centre-left' is most used in continental Europe.

Q: What is Blair Tickner?
A: Blair Marshall Tickner was born 13 October 1993 in Napier. He is a New Zealand cricketer who played two One Day Internationals and 8 Twenty20 Internationals for New Zealand.

Q: What is Fernvale LRT Station?
A: Fernvale LRT Station is an LRT station in Singapore. It is a station along Sengkang LRT Line.

Q: What is Kansas City Chiefs?
A: The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team in Kansas City, Missouri. The team is a part of the Western Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Ian Kershaw?
A: Sir Ian Kershaw (born 29 April 1943) is an English historian and one of the most famous experts on Nazi Germany.

Q: What is Hailey Bieber?
A: Hailey Rhode Bieber (née Baldwin; November 22, 1996) is an American model and television personality. She is the daughter of Stephen Baldwin and is married to Canadian singer Justin Bieber.

Q: What is Can't Stop This Thing We Started?
A: "Can't Stop This Thing We Started" is a song by Bryan Adams. The song was the second single from Adams' 1991 album Waking Up the Neighbours, a successor of the single "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You".

Q: What is Shigeru Tsuyuguchi?
A: is a Japanese actor. He was born in Tokyo.

Q: What is Van der Waals radius?
A: The Van der Waals radius is the radius of an atom that is seen as a hard sphere. It is named after the person who realized that atoms were not points, but actual objects.

Q: What is Hamza River?
A: The Hamza River (Portuguese: Rio Hamza) is a recent discovery. Under the ground in the amazon rainforest

Q: What is Yer So Bad?
A: "Yer So Bad" is a 1990 song by Tom Petty and is the fifth and final single from his debut studio album Full Moon Fever. It went to number 5 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 44 in Canada.

Q: What is Kotor Varoš?
A: Kotor Varoš or Kotor-Varoš (Котор Варош) is a town and municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2013, 22,001 people lived in Kotor Varoš.

Q: What is Dragons' Den?
A: Dragons' Den is a reality television series that has aired in over 20 countries. The show originated in Japan as Manē no Tora ("Tiger of Money"), first airing in 2001.

Q: What is Quetzalcoatl?
A: . Quetzalcóatl (pronounced: ketsalˈkoːaːtɬ in Nahuatl), is an Aztec sky and creator god.

Q: What is Hank Williams Jr.?
A: Randall Hank Williams (born May 26, 1949) is an American musician and songwriter. He is the son of country music legend Hank Williams.

Q: What is Lusail?
A: Lusail (Arabic: لوسيل, ALA-LC: Lūsayl) is the second-largest city in Qatar. It is located on the coast, in the southern part of the municipality of Al Daayen.

Q: What is PFC Levski Sofia?
A: Levski () is a professional association football team from Sofia, Bulgaria. The team plays in the First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) The club's nicknames are Sinite (The blues), Otbora na naroda (The Team of the People) and Sinyata lavina (The Blue Avalanche).

Q: What is Sri Srinivasan?
A: Padmanabhan Srikanth "Sri" Srinivasan (born February 23, 1967) is an American jurist. He is the United States federal judge He was confirmed by the United States Senate by a vote of 97–0 on May 23, 2013.

Q: What is Sabine Kottig?
A: Sabine Kottig is a German water polo player. She was part of the German women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships and 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

Q: What is Hinsdale, New Hampshire?
A: Hinsdale is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 3,948 people lived there.

Q: What is Terry Gilliam?
A: Terrence Vance Gilliam (born November 22, 1940) is an American-British cartoonist and filmmaker. He was born in Minnesota and grew up in California, but he now lives in England and is a British citizen.

Q: What is International humanitarian law?
A: International humanitarian law is a set of laws recognised by most countries that tries to limit the destructive effects of war, such as the Geneva conventions.

Q: What is The Space Trilogy?
A: The Space Trilogy is a series of books by C. S.

Q: What is Parvicursor?
A: Parvicursor (meaning "small runner") is a genus of tiny maniraptoran dinosaur with long slender legs for fast running. At only about 39 cm (~15 in) from snout to end of tail, and 162&nbsp;grams (5.7 ounces) in weight, it is one of the smallest non-avian dinosaurs known from an adult specimen.

Q: What is Ollie Hairs?
A: Oliver James Hairs is a cricketer from England. Hairs plays for the Scotland national cricket team.

Q: What is Colorectal surgery?
A: Colorectal surgery is a type of medicine that deals with problems of the rectum, anus, and colon. Doctors who work in this field are called colorectal surgeons or proctologists.

Q: What is Joe Marston?
A: James Edward "Joe" Marston MBE (7 January 1926 &ndash; 29 November 2015) was an Australian association football player. He became the first Australian to appear in a FA Cup Final when he turned out for Preston North End in their 1954 defeat to West Bromwich Albion.

Q: What is Birth certificate?
A: . Monroe use the name of her mother as stage name; her father was called Mortenson.

Q: What is First Battle of Kernstown?
A: The First Battle of Kernstown was fought on March 23, 1862, in Confederate General Stonewall Jackson

Q: What is Procedural language?
A: A procedural language is a programming language that follows instructions in a sequential manner. Consider the example below: Go to the market Buy vegetables Pay water and electricity bills Go home In a procedural language the above instructions will have to be done from the top to the bottom.

Q: What is La Roque-d'Anthéron?
A: La Roque-d'Anthéron is a commune of 4,722 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Q: What is Blindcrake?
A: Blindcrake is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 287 people living in Blindcrake.

Q: What is Athletics at the Olympics of Grace – shot put?
A: The shot put event at the Olympics of Grace was held in Florence at the ASSI Giglio Rosso on 30 May 1931 consisting of the qualification during the morning session and the final during the afternoon session.

Q: What is Karl Schwarzschild?
A: Karl Schwarzschild (9 October 1873 – 11 May 1916) was a German physicist and astronomer. Best known for his solution to Einstein's equations of general relativity, which describes the gravitational field outside a non-rotating black hole with no magnetic field.

Q: What is Rock & Roll Jeopardy!?
A: Rock & Roll Jeopardy! was a music-themed television game show. It ran from August 8, 1998 to May 12, 2001 on VH1.

Q: What is Murray–Darling basin?
A: The Murray-Darling Basin is an area in Australia around the Murray and Darling Rivers. Three million Australians inside and outside the basin are directly dependent on its water.

Q: What is Marmande?
A: Marmande is a commune in southwestern France, in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It is a sub-prefecture of the Lot-et-Garonne department, capital of the arrondissement of Marmande.

Q: What is Futurama?
A: Into the Wild Green Yonder: Futurama: Into the Wild Green Yonder is the fourth and last movie in the Futurama movie series. The first three are Futurama: Bender's Big Score, Futurama: The Beast with a Billion Backs, and Futurama: Bender's Game.

Q: What is Ask Me Why?
A: "Ask Me Why" is a 1963 song by The Beatles. It is from their debut studio album Please Please Me.

Q: What is Liv and Maddie?
A: Liv and Maddie, titled Liv and Maddie: Cali Style in its fourth season, is an American teen sitcom. It was created by John D.

Q: What is Photo cleaning?
A: Photo cleaning activities involve carefully removing each photo from an album that has been soiled by seawater or mud, cleaning the surface to prevent deterioration by bacteria or mold, drying the photos after washing, and then placing them in new pocket albums. This process is repeated for each photo.

Q: What is Neudorf, Lucerne?
A: Neudorf was a municipality of the district Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Neudorf merged into the municipality of Beromünster.

Q: What is Ferdinand VI of Spain?
A: Ferdinand VI (Fernando; 23 September 1713 – 10 August 1759) was a King of Spain July 1746 until his death in 1759 aged 49 He was the fourth son of the previous monarch Philip V and his first wife Maria Luisa of Savoy. The third Bourbon to rule Spain, he died childless and his half brother Charles became king.

Q: What is Lucky Number (song)?
A: "Lucky Number" is a song by English recording artist Lene Lovich. Originally released as a B-side for Lovich's cover of "I Think We're Alone Now", the song was re-released in 1979 by Stiff Records as an A-side and became the second single of his debut studio album Stateless (1978).

Q: What is Niqāb?
A: A niqab is a piece of clothing. It is for Muslim women.

Q: What is Mariner 3?
A: Mariner 3 was a NASA spacecraft. It was the third spacecraft in the Mariner program.

Q: What is Archimedes' screw?
A: Archimedes' screw is a hydraulic machine. It is a type of pump used for raising water up.

Q: What is Symphony No. 8 (Mahler)?
A: of Mahler's Eighth Symphony, in the Neue Musik-Festhalle Symphony No. 8 in E-flat major by Gustav Mahler (1860–1911) is one of the largest choral works in classical music.

Q: What is Henning Christophersen?
A: Henning Christophersen (8 November 1939 – 31 December 2016) was a Danish politician. He was the Vice President of the European Commission (1985–1995).

Q: What is Tyumen?
A: Tyumen (, ) is the largest city and administrative center of Tyumen Oblast, Russia. It is on the Tura River.

Q: What is Taco Ockerse?
A: Taco Ockerse (born July 21, 1955), known mononymously as Taco, is an English-language Dutch New Wave singer most famous for his rendition of Irving Berlin's Puttin' On The Ritz in 1982.

Q: What is Phyllobates lugubris?
A: The lovely poison frog or lovely poison arrow frog (Phyllobates lugubris) is a frog. It lives in Nicaragua and Panama.

Q: What is Alex Chalk?
A: Alexander John Gervase Chalk, (born 8 August 1976) is a British politician. He was the Secretary of State for Justice and Lord Chancellor from 2023 to 2024.

Q: What is Vladimir Teplyakov?
A: Vladimir Aleksandrovich Teplyakov () (November 6, 1925 &ndash; December 10, 2009) was a Russian physicist who is best known for his work with particle accelerators. He, working with his friend I.M.

Q: What is Jean Baptiste Charbonneau?
A: Jean Baptiste Charbonneau (11 February 1805 – 16 May 1866) was the son of Toussaint Charbonneau and Sacagawea. He was a fur trapper and guide.

Q: What is Electoral division of Karama?
A: Karama is an electoral district of the Northern Territory. It was created in 1987.

Q: What is Tyrone C. Fahner?
A: Tyrone Clarence Fahner (November 18, 1942 – September 16, 2024) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Q: What is Humanoid robotics?
A: Humanoid robotics is a type of robotics. A humanoid robot is a robot that is shaped like a human body.

Q: What is Altensalzkoth?
A: Altensalzkoth is a village in the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in north Germany. It belongs to the parish of Eversen in Celle on the Lüneburg Heath.

Q: What is Christoph Westerthaler?
A: Christoph Westerthaler (11 January 1965 – 20 July 2018) was an Austrian football coach and former football player. He was born in Silz, Austria.

Q: What is Kent, Iowa?
A: Kent is a census-designated place (CDP) in Iowa in the United States. places in Iowa establishments in the United States establishments in Iowa County, Iowa

Q: What is Jim Dine?
A: Jim Dine (June 16, 1935) is an American artist. Dine was born in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1935.

Q: What is Elizabeth Hubbard?
A: Elizabeth Hubbard (December 22, 1933 &ndash; April 8, 2023) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Dr.

Q: What is Kathmandu?
A: , Kathmandu Durbar Square, Pashupatinath Temple and Boudhanath Kathmandu is the capital city of Nepal. It is the largest city of Nepal.

Q: What is Gratin dauphinois?
A: Gratin dauphinois is a French dish. It is made with sliced raw potatoes and cream and cooked in a buttered dish rubbed with garlic or nutmeg.

Q: What is Hyrule Warriors?
A: Age of Calamity: Hyrule Warriors: Age of Calamity (Zelda Musou: Apocalyptic Record of The Calamity in Japan) is a hack and slash video game. It was published by Nintendo with Koei Tecmo doing the publishing in Japan.

Q: What is Novokuznetsk?
A: Novokuznetsk (; literally: "new smith's", , Aba-tura) is a city in Kemerovo Oblast in south-western Siberia, Russia. It is the second largest city in the oblast, after Kemerovo.

Q: What is Sidney, Iowa?
A: Sidney is a city in Iowa in the United States. establishments in Iowa seats in Iowa in Fremont County, Iowa

Q: What is Shuklaphanta National Park?
A: The Shuklaphanta National Park is a protected area in the Terai of the Far-Western Region, Nepal. It covers the area of .

Q: What is Master Hirannaiah?
A: Hirannaiah or Hirannayya known by his stage name Master Hirannaiah (15 February 1934 &ndash; 2 May 2019) was an Indian movie actor. His best known roles include ...Re (2016), Care of Footpath 2 (2015) and No.

Q: What is Barry Boughner?
A: Barry Michael Boughner (born January 29, 1948 in Delhi, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played 20 National Hockey League games with the Oakland Seals/California Golden Seals, going scoreless with 11 penalty minutes.

Q: What is Baden Teague?
A: Baden Chapman Teague (born 18 September 1944) is an Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party.

Q: What is Devonport High School for Boys?
A: Devonport High School for Boys is a grammar school in Plymouth, England. It is also known as DHSB.

Q: What is Jejomar Binay?
A: Jejomar "Jojo" Cabauatan Binay (born November 11, 1942), also known as Jojo Binay or VNay, is a Filipino politician. He previously served as the 15th Vice President of the Philippines from June 30, 2010 to June 30, 2016.

Q: What is InterRegio?
A: The InterRegio or Interregio (abbreviated: IR) is a category of trains in multiple European countries. They are existing in Switzerland, Luxembourg, Poland, Denmark, Hungary, Romania and in Portugal and run "from region to region", as described by Swiss Federal Railways (SBB).

Q: What is Georg Cantor?
A: Georg Cantor (3 March 1845 - 6 January 1918) was an important German mathematician. He founded set theory, cardinal number and worked on transfinite numbers.

Q: What is Mario Camus?
A: Mario Camus García (20 April 1935 – 18 September 2021) was a Spanish movie director and screenwriter. He won the Golden Bear for his movie La colmena (movie) Camus died on 18 September 2021 in Santander, Spain at the age of 86.

Q: What is Summer school?
A: Summer school (or summer university) is a school or a program usually sponsored by a school or a school district. It provides lessons and activities during the summer vacation.

Q: What is American Football (1999 album)?
A: American Football (also known as LP1) is the first studio album by American midwest emo band American Football. American Football was released on September 14, 1999.

Q: What is Newport, Kentucky?
A: Newport is a city in Kentucky in the United States. It is in Campbell County.

Q: What is Shiitake?
A: The shiitake mushroom, or simply called "shiitake"(椎茸) (Lentinus edodes or Lentinula edodes) is also known as Chinese black mushroom or black forest mushroom. It is also called "black mushroom".

Q: What is Chandragupta I?
A: Chandra Gupta founded the Gupta Empire around 320 AD and was its first emperor. The Gupta empire would later go onto become India's Golden age.

Q: What is Melissa Segura?
A: Melissa Segura is an American journalist. She is an investigative reporter at BuzzFeed News.

Q: What is Canal J?
A: Canal J is a French children's pay television network by Canal+ and StudioCanal in France, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Italy and Czech Republic. establishments in France channels and stations established in 1985 television networks television

Q: What is Krishna's Eternal Love?
A: Krishna's Eternal Love known as Mitwa Hamare with over 17,000,000 views is a song from movie Krishna - Kans Vadh created by GreenGoldTV. Song by Bali Brahmbhatt, Krishna The Great, and Pranali in 2022 radio edit musician named INCUBIUS created a radio edit version of the song with GreenGoldTV which was got listed on #155 iTunes Charts Asia top 200, 2024-09-27

Q: What is 353 North Clark?
A: 353 North Clark is a tall skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. The building began construction in 2007 and was completed in 2009.

Q: What is Austrian Americans?
A: Austrian Americans are Americans whose family came from Austria, mainly German-speaking Catholics and Jews.

Q: What is The Sunday Night Project?
A: The Sunday Night Project is a British comedy television programme. It was broadcast on Channel 4 from 4 February 2005 to 8 February 2009.

Q: What is Trosa Municipality?
A: Trosa Municipality () is a municipality in Södermanland County in central Sweden. The seat is in Trosa.

Q: What is 2017 Lower Manhattan attack?
A: On October 31, 2017, a man drove a pickup truck into cyclists and pedestrians along of a bike path alongside West Street, near Chambers Street in Lower Manhattan, New York City. The vehicle-ramming attack killed eight people, including five Argentines and one Arabic were found in the truck.

Q: What is Ernest Moniz?
A: Ernest Jeffrey Moniz American nuclear physicist. He was the United States Secretary of Energy, serving under U.S.

Q: What is Stuart Mitchell?
A: Stuart Mitchell (21 December 1965 – 15 August 2018) was a Scottish pianist and composer. He was best known for his Seven Wonders Suite (2001).

Q: What is Nada Se Compara Contigo?
A: Nada Se Compara Contigo (Nothing Compares to You) is the tenth studio album released by Salvadoran performer Álvaro Torres. It was released on November 19, 1991.

Q: What is Slamfest '99?
A: Super Smash Bros. Slamfest '99 (also Super Smash Bros.

Q: What is Uri Orbach?
A: Uri Shraga Orbach, Hebrew: אורי שרגא אורבך , (28 March 1960 – 16 February 2015) was an Israeli Religious Zionist writer, journalist and politician. He served as a Member of Knesset for The Jewish Home party and as Pensioner Affairs Minister.

Q: What is 16-cell?
A: In four dimensional geometry, a 16-cell, is a regular convex polychoron, or polytope existing in four dimensions. It is also known as the hexadecachoron.

Q: What is Race Relations Act 1965?
A: The Race Relations Act 1965 was the first law in the UK to say that discrimination on the "grounds of colour, race, or ethnic or national origins" in public places in Great Britain was not allowed. It did not apply to shops or private boarding houses.

Q: What is 's-Hertogenbosch?
A: 's-Hertogenbosch () is a municipality in the Netherlands, and also the capital of the province of North Brabant. It is in the southern Netherlands, south of Amsterdam.

Q: What is Everett, Washington?
A: Everett is a city in the American state of Washington. It is the county seat of Snohomish County, Washington The city is where Boeing builds many of its airplanes, like the Boeing 747 and Boeing 787.

Q: What is HoboSapiens?
A: HoboSapiens is the fourteenth studio album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist John Cale, former member of The Velvet Underground. It was released in October 2003 as his first full-length album on EMI Records label.

Q: What is Ecuador at the Olympics?
A: Ecuador has been in 12 Summer Olympic Games. The International Olympic Committee's official abbreviation for Ecuador is ECU.

Q: What is Tenkasi taluk?
A: Tenkasi is named as TENKASI because in Tamil Then means South. So it is called as South side of Kasi.

Q: What is Aluminium arsenide?
A: Aluminium arsenide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is AlAs.

Q: What is Tumby Bay, South Australia?
A: Tumby Bay is a coastal town on the Spencer Gulf, on the eastern coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia. It is north of Port Lincoln.

Q: What is Sonja Sutter?
A: Sonja Sutter (17 January 1931 – 1 June 2017) was a German movie and television actress. She was one of the few actors that was allowed to appear in productions in both East and West Germany.

Q: What is Partitions of Poland?
A: The Partitions of Poland or Partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth is a term used in history. They took place in the second half of the 18th century and ended the existence of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.

Q: What is The Cup (1999 movie)?
A: The Cup (ཕོར་པ། or Phörpa) is a 1999 Bhutanese Australian Nepalese sports comedy movie directed by Khyentse Norbu and starring Orgyen Tobgyal, Neten Chokling. It was distributed by Fine Line Features.

Q: What is Romantic poetry?
A: Romantic Poetry was one branch of the Romantic movement. The first generation of Romantic poets (1798) were primarily Coleridge, William Blake and Wordsworth.

Q: What is Hilary Dwyer?
A: Hilary Dwyer (6 May 1945 &ndash; April 2020) was an English actress, businessperson and movie producer. She was born in Liverpool, England.

Q: What is Heaven Help Us All?
A: "Heaven Help Us All" is a 1970 song by Stevie Wonder and taken from his 12th studio album Signed, Sealed & Delivered. It went to number 9 in the United States, number 14 in Canada and number 29 in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Kaveri Priyam?
A: Kaveri Priyam (born 22 October 1994, Bokaro) is an Indian actress. She is known for her portraying Kuhu Maheshwari Rajvansh in Yeh Rishtey Hain Pyaar Ke and Dr.

Q: What is Transport?
A: Transport, or transportation, is moving people or things from one place to another place. Transport can be divided into infrastructure, vehicles and operations.

Q: What is Allyn Ann McLerie?
A: Allyn Ann McLerie (December 1, 1926 – May 21, 2018) was a Canadian-born American actress, singer, and dancer. She was born in Grand-Mère, Quebec.

Q: What is House Party 2?
A: House Party 2 is a 1991 American comedy movie. This movie is about a pajama party.

Q: What is Marco's Pizza?
A: Marco's Pizza, operated under Marco's Franchising, is an American restaurant chain and interstate franchise. It is based in Toledo, Ohio.

Q: What is Tame?
A: Tame may refer to: *Taming, the act of training wild animals *River Tame, Greater Manchester *River Tame, West Midlands and the Tame Valley *Tame, Arauca, a Colombian town and municipality *TAME (IATA code: EQ), flag carrier of Ecuador

Q: What is Vincent Viola?
A: Vincent "Vinnie" Viola (born 1956 in New York City) is an American billionaire businessman and philanthropist. Viola was the nominee for United States Secretary of the Army after being nominated by Donald Trump in December 2016.

Q: What is Agatha (movie)?
A: Agatha is a 1979 British American historical crime drama movie directed by Michael Apted and starring Vanessa Redgrave, Dustin Hoffman, Timothy Dalton, Celia Gregory, Helen Morse, Paul Brooke, Carolyn Pickles, Timothy West, Alan Badel, David Hardgreaves, Sandra Voe, Yvonne Gilan, Tony Britton and Jan Harvey. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Q: What is Strafford, New Hampshire?
A: Strafford is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,230 people lived there.

Q: What is Hyde Park, Vermont?
A: Hyde Park, Vermont, may refer to: * Hyde Park (town), Vermont, a town in and the shire town (county seat) of Lamoille County, Vermont, United States. * Hyde Park (village), Vermont, a village in the town of Hyde Park, Vermont, United States * North Hyde Park, Vermont, a village in the town of Hyde Park, Vermont, United States

Q: What is Mario Monicelli?
A: Mario Monicelli (May 15, 1915 in Rome, Italy — 29 November 2010, Rome, Italy) was an Italian movie terminal prostate cancer, Monicelli jumped to his death from a fifth floor hospital window in Rome. He was 95 years old.

Q: What is Saint-Jean-de-Livet?
A: Saint-Jean-de-Livet is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Jhon Jairo Velásquez?
A: Jhon Jairo Velásquez Vasquez (April 15, 1962 – February 6, 2020), also known by the alias "Popeye", was a Contract killing Jhon Jairo was known as "JJ" and was the "General of the Mafia" and even killed his girlfriend at Pablo's request. In January 2020, it was announced that Velásquez had terminal esophageal cancer.

Q: What is Malaysia Airlines?
A: Malaysia Airlines Berhad is the flag carrier airline of Malaysia. Its home base is Kuala Lumpur International Airport and its secondary hubs are Kota Kinabalu and Kuching.

Q: What is Amar Shonar Bangla?
A: "Amar Shonar Bangla" (, , meaning "My Golden Bengal") is the national anthem of Bangladesh. It became of the country's national anthem in 1972, after gaining independence.

Q: What is Bangladesh Navy?
A: The Bangladesh Navy () is the naval warfare branch of the Bangladesh Armed Forces, responsible for Bangladesh's of maritime territorial area, and the defence of important harbours, military bases and economic zones. The primary role of the Bangladesh Navy is to protect the country's economic and military interests at home and abroad.

Q: What is Rhinebeck?
A: Rhinebeck may refer to: * Rhinebeck (village), New York * Rhinebeck (town), New York * Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome, a living museum in Red Hook, New York * Rhinebeck and Connecticut Railroad * New York State Sheep and Wool Festival, held in Rhinebeck, New York

Q: What is Gitanjali?
A: Gitanjali is a book of poems written by Rabindranath Tagore. There are 157 poems in the book.

Q: What is Falkland Islands?
A: The Falkland Islands () are a group of islands in the South Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of South America. They are an overseas territory of the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Salahuddin Wahid?
A: Salahuddin Wahid (11 September 1942 – 2 February 2020), known as Gus Solah, was an Indonesian Islamic scholar and politician. He was a member of the People's Consultative Assembly from 1998 to 1999 and was the vice chair of the National Commission on Human Rights from 2002 to 2004.

Q: What is Ronchamp?
A: Ronchamp is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Voeren?
A: Voeren is a municipality in the Belgian province of Limburg. In 2007, 4261 people lived there.

Q: What is Sabrina Washington?
A: Sabrina Fredrica Washington (born 27 October 1978) is a British singer. She writes songs and dances, and is also businesswoman and TV personality.

Q: What is Vix, Vendée?
A: Vix is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Q: What is Ricky Ponting?
A: Ricky Thomas Ponting (born 19 December 1974) is an Australian cricket coach, commentator and former cricketer. Ponting captained his country between 2004 and 2011 in Tests and 2002 and 2011 in One Day Internationals (ODIs).

Q: What is CD Vision?
A: CD Vision is a Bangladeshi record label company, which is contributed production and distribution of the television programs, recording artists and full-length bengali feature movies released on Audio & Video and Online Platforms. CD Vision is also a film production house produce content including, short film, drama, telefilm, fiction, music video and documentary.

Q: What is Eth (letter)?
A: The Letter Eth comes from the Sumberlandish people In northern Finland to 100 BC to 600 AD the Sumberlandish used "eth" and "ḟ" those 2 letters were a verison of the word "TH" and it used to be called ḟợh and "etợh" ợ was just the two letters "u" and "o" in a word combined it sounded like "oh,cok".

Q: What is Hand (unit)?
A: The hand is a unit of measurement of length. It is now used only to measure the height of horses in some English-speaking countries, including Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Q: What is Boursin?
A: Boursin is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is 790s?
A: The 790s was the Decade that began on January 1, 790, and ended on December 31, 799. It is distinct from the decade known as the 80th decade, which began on January 1, 791 and ended on December 31, 800.

Q: What is Dwight Anderson?
A: Dwight Anthony Anderson (December 28, 1960 – September 5, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Dayton, Ohio.

Q: What is Guy Scott?
A: Dr Guy Lindsay Scott (born 1 June 1944) is a Zambian politician. He was the acting President of Zambia.

Q: What is In a Lonely Place?
A: In a Lonely Place is a 1950 American romantic drama movie directed by Nicholas Ray and based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Dorothy B. Hughes.

Q: What is Southern hip hop?
A: Southern hip hop (also known as Southern rap, South Coast hip hop, or dirty south) is a type of hip hop music that comes from the Southern United States. Many early Southern rap artists released their music independently or on mixtapes after finding it difficult to obtain record-label contracts in the 1990s.

Q: What is Vitamin C?
A: Vitamin C, also known as ascorbic acid, is a vitamin. It is found in fresh fruits, berries and vegetables.

Q: What is Theo Kleindijk?
A: Theo Kleindijk (17 July 1938 – 13 November 2022) was a Dutch football player. Kleindijk played mainly as a left back.

Q: What is Göran Malmqvist?
A: Nils Göran David Malmqvist (6 June 1924 – 17 October 2019) was a Swedish linguist, literary historian, sinologist and translator. He worked for seven years at the Australian National University in Canberra during the 1950s.

Q: What is Area code 719?
A: Area code 719 is a telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) serving the state of Colorado in the United States. It covers a large region in the central and southern parts of Colorado, including cities such as Colorado Springs, Pueblo, and Canon City.

Q: What is Pycnodontidae?
A: The Pycnodontidae are an extinct family of ray-finned fish that belong to the order Pycnodontiformes. They have large rounded teeth to crush mollusks.

Q: What is Råsunda Stadium?
A: 2009. Råsunda Stadium () was a soccer stadium in Solna in Sweden.

Q: What is Jeff Satur?
A: Jeff Worakamol Satur (; born March 6th 1995), nicknamed Jeff Satur, is a Thai male singer, songwriter, producer, musician, actor and model His mother is Thai-Chinese. He has Chinese, Italian, ancestry.

Q: What is The Blue Lagoon (1980 movie)?
A: The Blue Lagoon is a 1980 American romantic adventure drama movie. It was directed by Randal Kleiser and filmed on Turtle Island Fiji.

Q: What is Cabidos?
A: Cabidos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France. Cabidos

Q: What is 1875 Kilkenny City by-election?
A: The 1875 Kilkenny City by-election took place on 28 April 1875. It happened because the current Home Rule MP, John Gray, died.

Q: What is Les Pennes-Mirabeau?
A: Les Pennes-Mirabeau is a commune of 19,043 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Q: What is Otacílio Gonçalves?
A: Otacílio Gonçalves da Silva Junior (16 June 1940 – 18 November 2025) was a Brazilian football manager. Otacílio Gonçalves won the Campeonato Gaúcho twice, with Internacional in 1984 and Grêmio in 1988, and the Campeonato Paranaense four times, with Atlético Paranaense in 1985, with Pinheiros in 1987, and with Paraná in 1991 and 1995.

Q: What is Hyloxalus nexipus?
A: The Los Tayos rocket frog or limon rocket frog (Hyloxalus nexipus) is a frog. It lives in Peru and Ecuador.

Q: What is Strabeg?
A: Strabeg is a rural locality and bothy in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland. Some hiking routes pass through Strabeg and Strabeg is accessible only on foot.

Q: What is Horacio Gómez Bolaños?
A: Horacio Gómez Bolaños (June 28, 1930 - November 21, 1999) was a Mexican actor. He was the brother of Roberto Gómez Bolaños.

Q: What is The Woman Who Walked Alone?
A: The Woman Who Walked Alone is a 1922 American silent drama movie directed by George Melford and stars Dorothy Dalton, Milton Sills, E. J.

Q: What is CBS Television Studios?
A: CBS Studios, Inc. (formerly CBS Television Studios) is an American television production company founded in 2009 as the successor to CBS Paramount Network Television.

Q: What is Jalal Allakhverdiyev?
A: Jalal Eyvaz oglu Allakhverdiyev (; September 17, 1929 – January 19, 2017) was an Azerbaijani mathematician. He was a member of the Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic (now the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences) (1972).

Q: What is Graceland?
A: Graceland is a estate and large white-colored mansion that was owned by Elvis Presley. It is located in Memphis, Tennessee, USA.

Q: What is Cape Helles?
A: Cape Helles is a rocky area at the south-westernmost end of the Gallipoli peninsula, Turkey. It was the scene of fighting between Turkish and British troops during the Gallipoli Campaign, 1915.

Q: What is Fernandina Beach, Florida?
A: Fernandina Beach is the county seat of Nassau County, Florida in the United States. in Florida seats in Florida County, Florida

Q: What is Grocer?
A: In the United Kingdom and other countries, a grocer, grocery store or a greengrocer is a type of shop that has historically sold food, mostly vegetables and fruits with sometimes addition of other food items. A greengrocer sold mostly fresh fruit and vegetables.

Q: What is Canton of Luxembourg?
A: Luxembourg () is a canton in Luxembourg. Its capital is Luxembourg.

Q: What is Waray language?
A: Wáray-Wáray or Warai (commonly spelled as Waray; also Winaray or Lineyte-Samarnon) is a language spoken in the provinces of Samar, Leyte, and Biliran in the Philippines. The Waraynon group of languages consists of Waray, Waray Sorsogon, and Masbate Sorsogon.

Q: What is Filain, Haute-Saône?
A: Filain is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Online dating?
A: . Online dating is using websites or special applications to find like-minded users to connect and interact with each other.

Q: What is Oost-Cappel?
A: Oost-Cappel is a commune in Nord, France on the Belgian border. It is 23 km from Dunkirk, 59 km from Lille and 25 km from Ypres which is in Belgium.

Q: What is Dasari Narayana Rao?
A: Dasari Narayana Rao (4 May 1942– 30 May 2017) was an Indian movie director, screenwriter, actor, politician, and lyricist. He was known for his works in Telugu cinema, and few Bollywood movies.

Q: What is Wolfgang Suschitzky?
A: Wolfgang Suschitzky, BSC (29 August 1912 &ndash; 7 October 2016), was an Austrian photographer and cinematographer. He was best known for his works with Paul Rotha in the 1940s and his work on Mike Hodges' 1971 movie Get Carter.

Q: What is Scrignac?
A: Scrignac () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Churchill Downs (song)?
A: "Churchill Downs" is a song off American rapper Jack Harlow's second studio album Come Home the Kids Miss You. The song was released on May 6, 2022.

Q: What is Resolution Foundation?
A: The Resolution Foundation is an independent British think tank in London, set up in 2005. It tries to improve the standard of living of low-to-middle income families.

Q: What is Paul Okada?
A: Paul Okada (ポール岡田, Pōru Okada, August 13, 1947 {age 73}; Otsu, Shiga Prefecture - ) is a Japanese singer and vocalist. He was the last member to joined The Carnabeats, taking over Keikichi Usui's place in April 1969.

Q: What is Google+?
A: Google+ was a Social network service Google+ is made to work with different Google social services such as Google Account On October 8, 2018, Google said they were going to shut down Google+ by the end of August 2019. This is because a software bug in Google+ let people see the data of hundreds of thousands of users.

Q: What is Vermont Route 279?
A: Vermont Route&nbsp;279 (VT&nbsp;279, also known as the Bennington Bypass), is a highway bypass of Bennington, Vermont. The highway is long.

Q: What is Leinach?
A: Leinach is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany. It has the villages of Unterleinach and Oberleinach.

Q: What is Special English?
A: Special English is a simple form of the English language. It is used by a public radio station called Voice of America, run by the United States government in Special English programs every day.

Q: What is Calascibetta?
A: Calascibetta is a comune in the Province of Enna in the Sicily region in Italy. About 4,000 people live there.

Q: What is The Friends of Eddie Coyle?
A: The Friends of Eddie Coyle is a 1973 American crime drama movie directed by Peter Yates and based on the 1970 novel of the same name by George V. Higgins.

Q: What is Trajan's Column?
A: Trajan's Column is a Roman triumphal column in Rome, Italy. It was built to remember Roman emperor Trajan's victory in the Dacian Wars.

Q: What is Chinese people in Hungary?
A: The Chinese people in Hungary (Chinese: 匈牙利华侨华人; Pinyin: Xiōngyálì huáqiáo huárén; Hungarian: Magyarországi kínaiak) form the largest non-native ethnic group in the country. According to the 2022 census, 18,154 Chinese people in Hungary have only Chinese citizenship, not Hungarian.

Q: What is Five Golden Dragons?
A: Five Golden Dragons is a 1967 British West German Liechtenstein action adventure movie directed by Jeremy Summers and starring Bob Cummings in his final movie role, Margaret Lee, Rupert Davies. It was distributed by Anglo-Amalgamated and Constantin Film.

Q: What is August Natterer?
A: August Natterer (3 August 1868 – 7 October 1933), also known as Neter, was a German artist with schizophrenia. Because he suffered form delusions and hallucinations, he was put in a psychiatric hospital in 1907.

Q: What is Kennesaw, Georgia?
A: Kennesaw is a city in Cobb County, Georgia, United States. It had a population of 33,036 according to the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Hurricane Janet?
A: Hurricane Janet was a deadly hurricane in September 1955. She killed 687 people in the Caribbean and in the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico.

Q: What is Mariska Hargitay?
A: Mariska Magdolna Hargitay (born January 23, 1964 in Los Angeles, California, USA) is an American actress. She is best known for her role on the television series Law & Order, SVU.

Q: What is Jane Rigby?
A: Jane Rigby is an American astronomer, the James Webb Space Telescope senior project scientist at NASA, and a social activist in the astronomy community. She was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2024.

Q: What is Monarch?
A: A monarch is the ruler of a country which is a monarchy. Monarchs usually get their power by inheritance from one of their parents.

Q: What is Spanaway Junior High School shooting?
A: On November 26, 1985, a school shooting occurred at the schoolyard of Spanaway Junior High School in Spanaway, Washington, United States. Students Gordon Pickett and Christopher Ricco were shot and killed; Ricco died protecting Pickett.

Q: What is Wright County?
A: Wright County is a county in three different states of the United States: * Wright County, Iowa * Wright County, Minnesota * Wright County, Missouri

Q: What is Black cockatoo?
A: Black cockatoo is general term for cockatoos that are mainly black. It may include: *Palm cockatoo, Probosciger aterrimus, also called the great black cockatoo *Species of the genus Calyptorhynchus: **Red-tailed black cockatoo, Calyptorhynchus banksii, has several alternative common names including black cockatoo.

Q: What is Prix Constantin?
A: The Prix Constantin is a yearly French music prize. It is awarded to the best album of an artist who has come to fame during the past year.

Q: What is House mouse?
A: House mouse (Mus musculus) is the common mouse. It is one of the species of the genus Mus.

Q: What is Carrick?
A: . Carrick was a district in Cornwall.

Q: What is Levadiakos F.C.?
A: Levadiakos Football Club is a Greek professional football club from Livadeia, Greece. The club plays in the Super League Greece.

Q: What is Mike Flood?
A: Michael John Flood (born February 23, 1975) is an American attorney, businessman, and politician. Flood is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska's 1st congressional district since 2022.

Q: What is Luumäki?
A: Luumäki is a municipality in South Karelia, Finland. Its seat is in the village of Taavetti.

Q: What is Brookings County, South Dakota?
A: Brookings County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Dakota.

Q: What is The Attitude Era?
A: , a key figure in the Attitude Era. The Attitude Era was a period in the World Wrestling Federation and professional wrestling history, following the New Generation Era.

Q: What is Insurgency?
A: An insurgency is an armed rebellion against authority by lightly armed small groups who practice guerrilla warfare from mostly rural base areas.

Q: What is Islamophobia?
A: against Islamophobia and right-wing nationalism in Germany. saying that Islamic Law threatens America., United States.

Q: What is Kettlebaston?
A: Kettlebaston is a village and civil parish in England. It is in the Babergh district of Suffolk, about east of Lavenham.

Q: What is Freedom fighter?
A: , a freedom fighter from Frisia A freedom fighter is a person who thinks their native ethnic group is not free, and is working to have freedom for their group. Most often this means that a freedom fighter wants their people to have own nation and independence and/or get rid of oppressors.

Q: What is Austin Eubanks?
A: Stephen Austin Eubanks (October 8, 1981 – May 18, 2019) was an American motivational speaker. He was a survivor of the Columbine High School massacre in 1999.

Q: What is Marlin Bay?
A: Marlin Bay is a hour New Zealand drama television series that was originally aired on TV One from 1992 to 1994. New Zealand television series drama television series New Zealand television series debuts television series debuts Zealand television series endings television series endings Zealand English-language television shows

Q: What is Chevillon, Yonne?
A: Chevillon is a former commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.

Q: What is Hunters Creek Village, Texas?
A: Hunters Creek Village is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States. in Harris County, Texas establishments in Texas

Q: What is Pacific Islander Americans?
A: Pacific Islander Americans are the Indigenous people from the regions of Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia. The Pacific Island group includes more than 20 islands.

Q: What is Sam Waterston?
A: Samuel Atkinson "Sam" Waterston (born November 15, 1940) is an American actor, producer, and director. He is best known for playing Executive Assistant District Attorney Jack McCoy in Law & Order, and also for playing Sydney Schanberg in the 1984 movie The Killing Fields.

Q: What is Escobosa de Almazán?
A: Escobosa de Almazán is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain. in Castile and León in Soria

Q: What is Themyscira (DC Comics)?
A: Themyscira, also known as Paradise Island and the Amazon Isles, is a fictional island appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is famously known as the home of Diana Prince / Wonder Woman and the Amazons, a race of warrior women.

Q: What is Owen Hargreaves?
A: Owen Hargreaves (born 20 January 1981 in Calgary, Alberta) was a Canadian-born Welsh English football player. He played his club football for Bayern Munich, Manchester United and Manchester City.

Q: What is Limes (Roman Empire)?
A: Limes (plural limites) is a modern term used for the Roman border defence in Germany. It marks the borders of the Roman Empire, though it was not used by the Romans for this purpose.

Q: What is Tadasuni?
A: Tadasuni (Tadasùne) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 152 people lived there.

Q: What is World Trade Center (1973–2001)?
A: The original World Trade Center (WTC) was a complex of buildings in Lower Manhattan, New York, New York, United States. It was destroyed in the September 11, 2001 attacks; a new complex is mostly complete and is built on the site of the old one.

Q: What is Comedy Crackers?
A: Comedy Crackers is a 1970 Canadian comedy television series that was originally aired on CBC Television from February 4 to September 16. Canadian comedy television series Canadian television series debuts Canadian television series endings television series debuts television series endings English-language television shows Broadcasting Corporation original programming

Q: What is Second Amendment to the United States Constitution?
A: Created on December 15, 1791, the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution is the part of the United States Bill of Rights that establishes the right of citizens to possess firearms for lawful purposes. It says, "A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be wikt:infringe

Q: What is Anna Lo?
A: Anna Manwah Lo (MBE) is a former politician and social worker from Northern Ireland. She is best known for being the first politician from an ethnic minority to be elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly and the first politician of Chinese ethnicity elected to a legislative assembly in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Cravinhos?
A: Cravinhos is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. In 2020, 35,579 people lived here.

Q: What is Anita Bibo?
A: Anita Bibo is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, 1985 European Waterpolo Championships, and 1987 European Waterpolo Championships.

Q: What is Mynämäki?
A: Mynämäki is a municipality in Southwest Finland, Finland. As of January 2014 about 7950 people lived there.

Q: What is Arrow Films?
A: Arrow Films is a British independent film distributor and restorer specialising in world cinema, arthouse, horror and classic films. As Arrow Video, it sells Ultra HD Blu-rays, Blu-rays and DVDs online; it also operates its own Video on demand#Subscription models

Q: What is Tropical Storm Erika?
A: Tropical Storm Erika in August 2015 was a very damaging and deadly tropical cyclone. The storm struck the Leeward Islands on August 27.

Q: What is Mas-des-Cours?
A: Mas-des-Cours is a commune of 25 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Q: What is Homerton College, Cambridge?
A: Homerton College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. Its name comes from the area of Homerton in London.

Q: What is Altorf?
A: Altorf (; Alsatian: Àldorf) is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Q: What is Marimekko?
A: Marimekko is a textile design company. It was started in 1951 in Finland.

Q: What is Pyrophone?
A: A pyrophone, also called a “fire organ”, is a type of musical instrument, specifically an organ. However, unlike regular organs, pyrophones make sounds by combustion inside of glass tubes, instead of just pushing air through pipes.

Q: What is Billy Nungesser?
A: William Harold Nungesser (born January 10, 1959), is an American politician. He has been the 54th Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana since 2016.

Q: What is Bonnie and Clyde?
A: . Bonnie Elizabeth Parker (October 1, 1910 – May 23, 1934) and Clyde Chestnut Barrow (March 24, 1909 – May 23, 1934) were American outlaws and robbers.

Q: What is Torre, Switzerland?
A: Torre was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It came together with 3 other villages to become the new municipality Blenio.

Q: What is Caumont, Gironde?
A: Caumont, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Sasthamkotta?
A: Sasthamkotta is a village in the Kunnathoor, Kollam district, Kerala, India. Kunnathoor taluk headquarters is located at Sasthamkotta.

Q: What is Edme Hiemstra?
A: Edme Hiemstra is a Dutch water polo player. She competed for the Dutch women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships.

Q: What is Friar Laurence?
A: Friar Laurence is a character in Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. He is an old man who secretly marries the two.

Q: What is Easton McMorris?
A: Easton Dudley Ashton St John McMorris (4 April 1935 – 1 February 2022) was a West Indian cricketer. He played in 13 Tests from 1958 to 1966.Wisden Cricketers' Almanack

Q: What is Morona-Santiago tree frog?
A: The Morona-Santiago tree frog (Hyloscirtus pacha) is a frog. It lives on the east site of the Cordillera Oriental in Ecuador.

Q: What is Cleveleys?
A: Cleveleys is a village on the Fylde Coast of Lancashire, England, about 4 miles north of Blackpool and 2 miles south of Fleetwood. It is part of the Borough of Wyre.

Q: What is Aspremont?
A: Aspremont is the name of two communes in France: * Aspremont, Alpes-Maritimes, in the Alpes-Maritimes department * Aspremont, Hautes-Alpes, in the Hautes-Alpes department

Q: What is Alfredo "Chocolate" Armenteros?
A: Alfredo "Chocolate" Armenteros (4 April 1928 &ndash; 6 January 2016) was a Cuban trumpeter. He has played with artists such as Arsenio Rodríguez, Generoso Jiménez, Chico O'Farrill, Orchestra Harlow, Eddie Palmieri and Cachao.

Q: What is Chris Barker?
A: Christopher Andrew Barker (2 March 1980 – 1 January 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as a defender.

Q: What is Southern Alps?
A: The Southern Alps is a mountain range in New Zealand. The mountain range runs along the entire length of the South Island.

Q: What is The Naked Gun 2½?
A: The Smell of Fear: The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear is a 1991 American crime comedy movie. It is the sequel to the 1988 movie The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! and the second movie in the Naked Gun movie series.

Q: What is San Jose Earthquakes?
A: The San Jose Earthquakes are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in San Jose, California. In December 2005, they moved to Houston, Texas to become the Houston Dynamo.

Q: What is USL W-League (1995–2015)?
A: The USL W-League is a national women's soccer league. It is in the United States and Canada.

Q: What is Pike County?
A: Pike County is the name of ten counties in the United States: * Pike County, Alabama * Pike County, Arkansas * Pike County, Georgia * Pike County, Illinois * Pike County, Indiana * Pike County, Kentucky * Pike County, Mississippi * Pike County, Missouri * Pike County, Ohio * Pike County, Pennsylvania All were named to honor Zebulon Pike.

Q: What is Saluga and Ghazal protected area?
A: Saluga and Ghazal protected area is one of the nature reserves in southern Egypt and is considered the smallest, as its area does not exceed half a kilometer in the form of islands groups in the Nile River. The reserve is located in Aswan Governorate, specifically at the first waterfall, about 3 km north of Aswan Reservoir.

Q: What is Irina Ratushinskaya?
A: Irina Borisovna Ratushinskaya (, 4 March 1954, Odesa &ndash; 5 July 2017, Moscow) was a Russian dissident, poet and writer. On September 17, 1982, Ratushinskaya was arrested for anti-Soviet agitation.

Q: What is Nesorohyla?
A: Nesorohyla is a lives in subtropical and tropical forests, both near sea level and in the mountains, and rivers.

Q: What is Saint-Herblain?
A: Saint-Herblain is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Q: What is Oliver Lukic?
A: Oliver Lukic (born 22 September 2006) is a Croatian footballer. He plays as midfielder for FC Liefering in the 2nd Austrian Bundesliga.

Q: What is Andreas Papandreou?
A: Andreas Georgios Papandreou (, ; 5 February 1919 – 23 June 1996) was a Greek economist and politician. He was known for founding the political party PASOK, which he led from 1974 to 1996.

Q: What is Montrose F.C.?
A: Montrose F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland.Love coming to Arbroath and not scoring.

Q: What is Mizuwakasu Shrine?
A: Mizuwakasu Shrine is Shinto shrine Yurahime Shrine also claims to be the Ichinomiya of Oki Province

Q: What is Mia Kirshner?
A: Mia Kirshner (born January 25, 1975) is an actress that stars primarily on television. She starred as Jenny Schecter in The L Word and Mandy in 24.

Q: What is Shōwa (Kamakura period)?
A: was a after Ōchō and before Bunpō. This period spanned the years from March 1312 through February 1317.

Q: What is Geoffrey Blake?
A: Geoffrey Noel Blake (9 April 1914 – 1991) is an English athlete who won the 1934 British Empire Games. births deaths middle-distance runners

Q: What is José Saraiva Martins?
A: José Saraiva Martins, C.M.F., GCC (born 6 January 1932) is a Portuguese Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the Prefect Emeritus of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, having was prefect from 1998 to 2008.

Q: What is Civil service?
A: A civil servant or public servant is an employee who works in the civilian career public sector for a government department or agency. Many consider the study of civil service to be a part of the field of public administration.

Q: What is Barry Coe?
A: Barry S. Coe (born Barry Clark Heacock, November 26, 1934 – July 16, 2019) was an American actor.

Q: What is Vasaloppet USA?
A: Vasaloppet USA is a cross-country skiing event held around Mora in Minnesota, USA. The first race was held in 1973, The race is held each February.

Q: What is Dinosaur?
A: Dinosaurs are a group of Archosaur reptiles of the clade Dinosauria. Dinosaurs eventually gave rise to birds.

Q: What is Autumn in New York (movie)?
A: Autumn in New York is a 2000 American romantic drama movie directed by Joan Chen and starring Richard Gere, Winona Ryder, Anthony LaPaglia, Elaine Stritch, Sherry Springfield, Jill Hennessy, J.K. Simmons, Mary Beth Hurt.

Q: What is Rod Paige?
A: Roderick Raynor "Rod" Paige (June 17, 1933 &ndash; December 9, 2025) was an American politician and academic who served as the 7th United States Secretary of Education from 2001 to 2005. He was the first African American to serve as the nation's education chief.

Q: What is Musa Ibrahim?
A: Musa Ibrahim () is a Bangladeshi mountaineer and a journalist. He reached the summit around 5:05am BST on May 23, 2010.

Q: What is Aniline?
A: of aniline. The black balls are carbon, the white balls are hydrogen, and the blue ball is nitrogen.

Q: What is Universal Credit?
A: Universal Credit is part of the United Kingdom Social Security system. It was started in 2013 to replace six benefits for working-age people with a low income: income-related Employment and Support Allowance, income-based Jobseeker's Allowance, Income Support, Child Tax Credit, Working Tax Credit and Housing Benefit.

Q: What is Abraham Benrubi?
A: Abraham Rubibin Hercules Benrubi (born October 4, 1969) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Jerry Markovic in the long-running medical television drama ER, as Larry Kubiac on Parker Lewis Can't Lose, Dennis in Without a Paddle and for his voice acting on the Adult Swim claymation series Robot Chicken.

Q: What is Zenzenzense?
A: is a song that is by Radwimps. Radwimps is a Japanese band.

Q: What is Alejandro Fernández?
A: Alejandro Fernández () (born April 24, 1971) is a Latin American singer. He was nicknamed "El Potrillo" (The Colt) by the media and fans.

Q: What is Lenín Moreno?
A: Lenín Boltaire Moreno Garcés (born 19 March 1953) is an Ecuadorian politician. Moreno was the 46th President of Ecuador from 2017 until 2021.

Q: What is Aigle (district)?
A: Aigle is a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. It contains the following municipalities: * Aigle * Bex * Chessel * Corbeyrier * Gryon * Lavey-Morcles * Leysin * Noville * Ollon * Ormont-Dessous * Ormont-Dessus * Rennaz * Roche * Villeneuve * Yvorne (district)

Q: What is Aleksandr Kapto?
A: Aleksandr Semenovich Kapto (April 14, 1933 – April 19, 2020) was a Russian-USSR. He was a Soviet Ambassador to Cuba from 1985 to 1990, and the last Soviet and first Russian Ambassador to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.

Q: What is Peter Hitchens?
A: Peter Jonathan Hitchens (born 28 October 1951) is an English journalist and author. Hitchens writes for The Mail on Sunday.

Q: What is Maslacq?
A: Maslacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France. Maslacq

Q: What is Confederate States of America?
A: of the Confederate States of America. (4th March, 1865 - onwards) The Confederate States of America (CSA) was a short-lived government that existed in the southern United States during the American Civil War.

Q: What is John Barnes (footballer)?
A: John Charles Bryan Barnes (born 7 November 1963) is a Jamacian-born English former footballer, rapper, manager and now commentator. He played as a left winger.

Q: What is Cultural depictions of Ronald Reagan?
A: U.S. President Ronald Reagan has been seen in popular culture since he was elected president in 1980.

Q: What is After the Wedding (1962 movie)?
A: After the Wedding () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Stanislav Khitrov, Natalya Kustinskaya, and Aleftina Konstantinova.

Q: What is Munchos?
A: Munchos are a potato chips snack food. They are manufactured from dehydrated potatoes by Frito-Lay.

Q: What is Bar, Montenegro?
A: Bar (; ; or Tivar) is a coastal town and seaport in southern Montenegro. In 2011, 40,037 people lived there.

Q: What is Atlético Tucumán?
A: Club Atlético Tucumán (mostly known as Atlético Tucumán) is an Argentinian football club based in the city of San Miguel de Tucumán of Tucumán Province. Atlético is mostly known for its football team, which currently plays in the Primera División, the first division of the Argentine football league system.

Q: What is Enzo Mari?
A: Enzo Mari (April 27, 1932 &ndash; October 19, 2020) was an Italian modernist artist and furniture designer. He was inspired by the arts and crafts movement, and his political views as a communist.

Q: What is William Beveridge?
A: William Henry Beveridge, 1st Baron Beveridge, (5 March 1879 – 16 March 1963) was a British economist and Liberal politician. He was a progressive and social reformer.

Q: What is The View?
A: The View is an American television talk show that airs on ABC. It started in 1997.

Q: What is Indigo dye?
A: Indigo dye is an organic molecule that appears dark blue or indigo when applied to cloth. While the indigo plants are the most famous source of indigo dye, other plants are able to produce the same compound, including woad, Pink Strobilanthes, Japanese indigo, and Yoruba indigo.

Q: What is Future Boy Conan?
A: (also known as Conan, The Boy in Future) is an anime series made by Hayao Miyazaki based on the future. It's about a boy named Conan who is born on an island and meets a girl named Lana.

Q: What is Risala?
A: Risala (Arabic: رِسَالَةٌ) is one of the most important books by Imam al‑Shafiʿi. It is seen as the earliest book on Usul al‑Fiqh.

Q: What is Filip Trifonov?
A: Filip Trifonov () (4 May 1947 – 6 January 2021) was a Bulgarian actor. He appeared in more than thirty movies.

Q: What is House music?
A: House music is a type of electronic dance music. It began during the early 1980s from disco and the black American soul music tradition.

Q: What is Leiopelmatidae?
A: __FORCETOC__ Leiopelmatidae, or New Zealand and North American primitive frogs, is a family belonging to the suborder Archaeobatrachia. There are only four Leiopelma and two Ascaphus species alive now.

Q: What is Gibraltar?
A: Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom. This means it shares the British King and has the protection of the British Armed Forces.

Q: What is Henri Bernadotte?
A: Henri Bernadotte (Pau, October 14, 1711 - March 31, 1780) was a French lawyer. He is known for being the father of Charles XIV John of Sweden and predecessor of the current Swedish royal family.

Q: What is Valery Belousov?
A: Valery Konstantinovich Belousov (; 17 December 1948 &ndash; 16 April 2015) was a Russian professional ice hockey coach and player. He played for four teams between 1964 and 1987.

Q: What is Virginia Commonwealth University?
A: Infobox university | Institution Profile] |Richmond |Black and NCAA Division I, Atlantic 10, 16 varsity teams Virginia Commonwealth University is a public university in Richmond, Virginia

Q: What is Cholistan desert?
A: Cholistan Desert (, also locally known as Rohi) sprawls thirty kilometers from Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan and covers an area of . It is next to the Thar Desert extending over to Sindh and into the Republic of India.

Q: What is Fantastic Planet?
A: Fantastic Planet (, , lit. "The Wild Planet") is a 1973 French Czech science fiction adult animated movie directed by René Laloux and was based on the 1957 novel Oms en série by Stefan Wul.

Q: What is Amazon (company)?
A: Amazon.com, Inc., known as Amazon (), is an American multinational technology company focusing on selling things online, cloud computing, online advertising, digital streaming, and artificial intelligence. It is considered to be one of the Big Five American technology companies, alongside Alphabet (parent company of Google), Apple, Meta and Microsoft.

Q: What is Will Smith?
A: Willard Carroll Smith II (born September 25, 1968) is an American actor, producer and rapper. He got his start as part of the rap duo DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince.

Q: What is Châtenay-en-France?
A: Châtenay-en-France is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Q: What is Kirchberg, Saxony?
A: Kirchberg is a town in the rural district of Zwickau, Saxony, Germany. It is located around 10 km south of Zwickau.

Q: What is Mr. Happy Go Lucky?
A: Mr. Happy Go Lucky is the 14th studio album by American singer-songwriter John Mellencamp and the first following his heart attack in 1994.

Q: What is Tosa Shrine?
A: is a Shinto shrine in the northeastern part of the city of Kochi, Japan. The shrine's main festival is held from March 11–13 every year.

Q: What is Marian apparition?
A: inside the Chapel of Apparitions, Portugal. A Marian apparition is a supernatural event where somebody says they have seen Mary, the mother of Jesus.

Q: What is 3. Liga?
A: The 3. Liga is the 3rd division of football in Germany.

Q: What is Juha Puhtimäki?
A: Juha Puhtimäki is a Finnish baseball player. He became Finnish champion with teams Manse PP and Joensuu Maila, at the top level of Finnish baseball.

Q: What is Grafenried, Switzerland?
A: Grafenried was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Grafenried, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Limpach, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Q: What is Janine Despinette?
A: Janine Despinette (1926 – 24 July 2020) was a French researcher and critic of children's literature. She was born in Aix-les-Bains, France.

Q: What is Louis, Dauphin of France (son of Louis XV)?
A: Louis of France (Louis Ferdinand; 4 September 1729 – 20 December 1765) was the only surviving son of King Louis XV of France and his wife, the popular Queen Marie Leszczyńska. He was the Dauphin of France all his life.

Q: What is Wetheral?
A: Wetheral is a village and civil parish in City of Carlisle, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 5203 people living in Wetheral.

Q: What is Automatic Identification System?
A: Automatic Identification System (AIS) is a way for a ship to send data by radio to tell other ships its position. AIS was made to avoid ships colliding and make it safer to travel by sea.

Q: What is The Danish Girl (movie)?
A: The Danish Girl is a 2015 biographical romantic drama movie directed by Tom Hooper. It is based on the 2000 The Danish Girl

Q: What is The Free Lance–Star?
A: The Free Lance–Star is a newspaper based in Fredericksburg, Virginia. The newspaper is published daily and serves many counties surrounding Fredericksburg.

Q: What is Malayan weasel?
A: The Malayan weasel (Mustela nudipes) is a type of weasel. It is also called the Malay weasel.

Q: What is Adamawa Region?
A: The Adamawa Region is a region of Cameroon. The capital city is Ngaoundéré.

Q: What is Yellowcard?
A: Yellowcard are an American pop punk band from Jacksonville, Florida. The band was formed in 1997 after the members of the band met each other at the Douglas Anderson School of the Arts.

Q: What is Moscow Square (Jerusalem)?
A: " in the square. Moscow Square (, Kikar Moskva, ) is a public square in Jerusalem, Israel.

Q: What is Bunny Matthews?
A: Will Bunn "Bunny" Matthews III (February 15, 1951 &ndash; June 1, 2021) was an American cartoonist and writer. He was best known for his works of New Orleans characters.

Q: What is Kangjam?
A: Kangjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Q: What is John Bolton?
A: John Robert Bolton (born November 20, 1948) is an American lawyer and diplomat. He was the 26th United States National Security Advisor from April 9, 2018 through September 10, 2019.

Q: What is Guts (Olivia Rodrigo album)?
A: Guts (shown in all caps) is the second studio album by the American singer-songwriter Olivia Rodrigo. It was released on September 8, 2023.

Q: What is Rodney E. Slater?
A: Rodney Earl Slater (born February 23, 1955) is an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of Transportation under U.S.

Q: What is Harvard Business School?
A: Harvard Business School (abbv: HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University. It is located in Boston, Massachusetts.

Q: What is Michelle (song)?
A: "Michelle" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the band's 1965 album Rubber Soul.

Q: What is The Shop?
A: The Shop: Uninterrupted (also known as The Shop) is an American talk show television series produced by HBO. The show was created by Paul Rivera.

Q: What is Super Mario Bros.?
A: The Lost Levels: Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels is a Super Mario video game made by Nintendo. It was released as Super Mario Bros.

Q: What is Al-Baqarah?
A: Al-Baqarah, ("The Heifer" or "The Cow"), is the second and longest chapter (surah) of the Quran. It consists of 286 verses (āyāt).

Q: What is Norman Mailer?
A: Norman Kingsley Mailer (January 31, 1923 – November 10, 2007) was an American writer and journalist. He was born in Long Branch, New Jersey and raised in Brooklyn, New York City.

Q: What is James Naismith?
A: James Naismith (November 6, 1861&nbsp;– November 28, 1939) was a Canadian and naturalized American sports coach. Naismith invented the sport of basketball in 1891.

Q: What is Frosty (frozen dairy dessert)?
A: The Frosty is the signature frozen dessert of Wendy's restaurants. The Frosty's original light chocolate flavor (a mix of chocolate and vanilla), was at first the only flavor offered.

Q: What is Third way?
A: Third Way tries to create consensus that restores friendly relations between the two parties, right-wing and left-wing, in an effort to settle their differing standpoints. Supporters of the Third Way include Bill Clinton and Tony Blair.

Q: What is Electroplating?
A: Electroplating is the coating of an object with a metal. It is done by immersing the object and a bar of the metal in a solution containing the metal ions.

Q: What is Ray Dolby?
A: Ray Milton Dolby OBEh (January 18, 1933&nbsp;– September 12, 2013) was an American engineer and inventor of the noise reduction system known as Dolby NR. He was also a co-inventor of video tape recording while at Ampex.

Q: What is Vaulx, Pas-de-Calais?
A: Vaulx, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Silvan Widmer?
A: Silvan Dominic Widmer (born 5 March 1993) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a right-back for Mainz 05 and the Switzerland national team.

Q: What is Kradolf-Schönenberg?
A: Kradolf-Schönenberg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Q: What is Icelandic Wikipedia?
A: The Icelandic Wikipedia () is the Icelandic-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in December 2003.

Q: What is Brax, Haute-Garonne?
A: Brax is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Q: What is Faster Payment System (UK)?
A: The Faster Payment System (UK) is used by people in the United Kingdom to transfer money between customer accounts under different banks, usually in small amounts. This system is operated by Pay.UK since 2017.

Q: What is Equation?
A: A mathematical equation is a mathematical object containing two or more expression. An expression is one piece of an equation, and does not have the equals sign.

Q: What is Aeoliscoides?
A: Aeoliscoides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.

Q: What is Arrowverse?
A: The Arrowverse is a group of television programs that take place in a shared universe. It is based on characters that appear in publications by DC Comics.

Q: What is Gérald Darmanin?
A: Gérald Moussa Darmanin (born 11 October 1982) is a French politician who has been the Minister of State and of Justice since 2024. He was the Minister of the Interior in the governments of Jean Castex, Élisabeth Borne and Gabriel Attal from 2020 until 2024.

Q: What is Pileated woodpecker?
A: The pileated woodpecker also known as Tuxedo woodpecker (Dryocopus pileatus) is a large, mostly black woodpecker native to North America.

Q: What is Iran–Israel war?
A: The Iran–Israel war began following the Israeli strikes against Iran on 13 June 2025 with an operation named Operation Rising Lion. This is the first time both countries went to a direct conflict since 2024 but on a massive scale.

Q: What is Cars in North Korea?
A: The automotive industry in North Korea is a branch of the national economy, with much lower production than the automotive industry in South Korea. In North Korea, motor vehicle production is focused on military and industrial goals, including construction; few private citizens own cars.

Q: What is National Assembly (Cameroon)?
A: The National Assembly () is the lower house of the Parliament of Cameroon. It has 180 members, elected for five-year terms in 49 single and multi-seat constituencies.

Q: What is In Cold Blood?
A: In Cold Blood is a 1967 American crime-drama movie. The movie is based on the novel of the same name.

Q: What is Hermeticism?
A: Hermeticism is the study and practice of occult philosophy and magic. The name comes from the fact that the first books about Hermeticism are said to have been written by the god Hermes Trismegistus ("Thrice-Greatest Hermes"), who combines aspects of the Greek god Hermes and the Egyptian god Thoth.

Q: What is Silverware?
A: Silverware may refer to: * Household silver including ttableware, dishes used for serving or eating food * Cutlery, hand implements used for serving or eating food * Candlestick, a device used to hold a candle in place * The work of a silversmith * Silverware is also a slang term for a collection of trophies

Q: What is Massacres at the concentration camp at Botn?
A: Massacres happened at the concentration camp at Botn - in Norway's Nordland county, during World War Two. According to the Yugoslav War Crimes Commission, 73 prisoners were executed by shots from small arms, on 26 November 1942.

Q: What is 1974–75 Serie A?
A: The 1974–75 Serie A season was the 73rd season of top division football in Italy, and the 43rd season of Serie A. The season began on 6 October 1974, and ended on 18 May 1975.

Q: What is Big Kap?
A: Big Kap (1970–2016) was a DJ. He was born in New York City.

Q: What is California genocide?
A: During the California genocide (1846-1873), government agents, private militias, and ordinary people killed thousands of indigenous people in California. These were systematic killings: people organized them and meant to commit them.

Q: What is Micah Richards?
A: Micah Richards (born 24 June 1988) is an English former professional footballer. He was born in Birmingham, West Midlands and grew up in Leeds.

Q: What is Saint-Christophe-du-Jambet?
A: Saint-Christophe-du-Jambet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Gymnosperm?
A: The gymnosperms are a group of tree plant which includes tales. They have naked seeds, in contrast to the seeds or ovules of flowering plants (angiosperms).

Q: What is Saint-Bonnet-de-Rochefort?
A: Saint-Bonnet-de-Rochefort is a commune. It is found in the Allier department in the center of France.

Q: What is Dependent territory?
A: A dependent territory, dependent area or dependency is a territory that is not fully independent or sovereign, and also not fully part of a independent country. As such, a dependent territory is included in such types of territories from associated states to non-self-governing territorys (for example, a colony).

Q: What is Gunther Schuller?
A: Jazz Masters Award for Jazz Advocacy in 2008, alongside A. B.

Q: What is Jeroen Brouwers?
A: Jeroen Godfried Marie Brouwers (30 April 1940 – 11 May 2022) was a Dutch writer. From 1964 to 1976 Brouwers worked as an editor at Manteau publishers in Brussels.

Q: What is William James Sidis?
A: William James Sidis (born 1 April 1898 and died on 17 July 1944) was a child prodigy. At 18 months old, he could read The New York Times and understand everything.

Q: What is Right to Buy?
A: The Housing Act 1980 gave tenants in the United Kingdom the Right to Buy their home at a large discount. Gerald Kaufman, then in the Labour Party Shadow Cabinet and a former Environment Minister himself, said the Act would "not provide a single new home and [would] deprive many homeless people or families living in tower blocks from getting suitable accommodation".

Q: What is Angres?
A: Angres is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Halina Kwiatkowska?
A: Halina Kwiatkowska (born Helena Królikiewiczówna; 25 April 1921 &ndash; 12 November 2020) was a Polish actress and educator. She was born in Bochnia, Poland.

Q: What is Kde domov můj??
A: "Kde domov můj" (, meaning "Where My Home is") is the national anthem of the Czech Republic. It was the national anthem of the former country of Czechoslovakia, combined with parts of the Slovak national anthem "Nad Tatrou sa blýska".

Q: What is BBC Knowledge Magazine?
A: BBC Knowledge Magazine was a magazine made by the British Broadcasting Corporation The magazine was chosen as one of the top ten magazines of 2008 by Library Journal.

Q: What is Vectrex?
A: , Solar Quest, and Star Ship, respectively. The Vectrex is a video game console created by Smith Engineering.

Q: What is Watt?
A: The watt (symbol: W) is the SI unit of power. It is named in honour of the physicist James Watt (1736–1819).

Q: What is Raouf Bundhun?
A: Abdool Raouf Bundhun (born 14 January 1937) was Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007. He was elected by National Assembly of Mauritius on 25 February 2002 for a term of five years.

Q: What is Aşgabat?
A: Aşgabat (; , UniPers: Ešq-âbâd; - Ashkhabád) is the capital city of Turkmenistan. It also spelled as Ashgabat, Ashkabat, Ashkhabad, Ashgabad.

Q: What is Human rights in Algeria?
A: In 2011, Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika, who had been in power since 1999, lifted a state of emergency that had been in place since the end of the Algerian Civil War in 2002, as a result of the Arab Spring protests that had occurred throughout the Arab world.

Q: What is Denzel Curry?
A: Denzel Rae Don Curry (born February 16, 1995) is an American rapper and singer. He was born in Miami Gardens, Florida.

Q: What is Emmanuel Félémou?
A: Emmanuel Félémou (24 December 1960 – 1 March 2021) was a Guinean prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Kolouma, Guinea.

Q: What is Stirling Castle?
A: Stirling Castle, is a castle in Stirling, Scotland. It is one of the largest and most important castles in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Officer railway station?
A: Officer railway station is an ummanned railway station in Officer, Victoria. It is located in Metcard Zone 2.

Q: What is Paul Burmeister?
A: Paul Burmeister (born March 10, 1971) is an analyst for the NFL Network. He hosts shows like College Scoreboard, Path to the Draft and Playbook.

Q: What is Midland–Odessa shooting?
A: On August 31, 2019, multiple people were shot from a vehicle traveling between and in the Texas cities of Odessa and Midland, Texas Odessa police announced five deaths (including the shooter) and 21 injuries (including three police), and described the shooter as a white male in his mid-30s, shot and killed by police outside a movie theater as he fired at them again.

Q: What is Prequel?
A: Prequel is a term in drama and literature: it is a fusion of the words 'precursor' and 'sequel'. When a story is told in several stages, it is natural to tell it in order of time.

Q: What is Straight Line (movie)?
A: Straight Line () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Shvyryov. It stars Lyudmila Dolgorukova, Oleg Efremov, and Sergei Gololobov.

Q: What is Hasley?
A: Hasley is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: *Fred Hasley (1884–1939), American typesetter and politician *Louis Hasley (1906–1986), American professor, writer, poet, essayist, editor, and critic

Q: What is Jaguar XJ?
A: The Jaguar XJ is a series of big luxury automobiles. The automobiles were made by Jaguar Cars from 1968 to 2019 It was.

Q: What is V. K. Sasikala?
A: Vivekanandan Krishnaveni Sasikala (born 18 August 1954), is an Indian businesswoman and politician. She served as the general secretary of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, a Dravidian party She was a close friend of J.

Q: What is Anarkali Salwar Suit?
A: wearing an Anarkali suit An Anarkali Shalwar suit is a form of women's dress. The anarkali suit is made up of a long, frock-style top and features a slim fitted bottom.

Q: What is John Dankworth?
A: Sir John Dankworth, CBE (20 September 1927 - 6 February 2010), was an English jazz composer, saxophonist and clarinetist. He was widely thought of as Britain's most famous jazz musician.

Q: What is David Willey?
A: David Jonathan Willey is a cricketer from England. He played for the England team.

Q: What is Marty Balin?
A: Marty Balin (; born Martyn Jerel Buchwald; January 30, 1942 – September 27, 2018) was an American singer-songwriter, and musician. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Q: What is Armenian Wikipedia?
A: The Armenian Wikipedia ( Vīkīpedyā or Վիքիպեդիա Ազատ հանրագիտարան Wīkīpedyā Azat Hanragitaran) is the Armenian-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started in February 2003.

Q: What is Radiocarbon dating?
A: and Austria. The New Zealand curve is representative for the Southern Hemisphere, the Austrian curve is representative for the Northern Hemisphere.

Q: What is Pope Gregory XIII?
A: Pope Gregory XIII (; 7 January 1502 – 10 April 1585), born Ugo Boncompagni, was the head of the Catholic Church from 13 May 1572 to his death in 1585. He is best known for commissioning and being the namesake for the Gregorian calendar, which remains the internationally accepted civil calendar to this date.

Q: What is Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts?
A: Chestnut Hill is a village located west of downtown Boston, Massachusetts, United States. Chestnut Hill is best known as the home of Boston College and as part of the Boston Marathon route.

Q: What is Goulburn Valley Suns FC?
A: Goulburn Valley Suns Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Shepparton, a city in Victoria. It plays in the Victorian Premier League 2 (VPL 2).

Q: What is Bratislava?
A: Bratislava is the capital city of Slovakia. About 450,000 people live there.

Q: What is Oxfordshire?
A: Oxfordshire (short Oxon, from the Latinised form Oxonia) is a county in the South East of England, bordering on Northamptonshire, Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Wiltshire, Gloucestershire, and Warwickshire. It is divided into five local government districts: Oxford, Cherwell, Vale of the White Horse (after the Uffington White Horse), West Oxfordshire and South Oxfordshire.

Q: What is Kumail Nanjiani?
A: Kumail Nanjiani (born May 2, 1978) is a Pakistani-American actor, podcast host, stand-up comedian and writer. He is also known as the voice of Prismo on the Emmy Award-winning animated series Adventure Time.

Q: What is Tatiana Maslany?
A: Tatiana Gabriele Maslany (born September 22, 1985) is a Canadian actress. She is known for playing multiple roles in the science fiction television series Orphan Black (2013–2017) and for her role in She-Hulk: Attorney at Law (2022) in the lead role of Jennifer Walters / She-Hulk.

Q: What is Saint-Martin-l'Heureux?
A: Saint-Martin-l&#39;Heureux is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.

Q: What is Louis Lansana Beavogui?
A: Louis Lansana Beavogui (28 December 1923 – 19 August 1984) was a Guinean politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Guinea from 26 April 1972 to 3 April 1984 and was interim President from 26 March 1984 to 3 April 1984.

Q: What is Ogenne-Camptort?
A: Ogenne-Camptort is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France. It is made up of two ancient (very old) French towns: Camptort and Ogenne.

Q: What is Rachel Elizabeth Dare?
A: Rachel Elizabeth Dare is a red haired fictional character in Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson & the Olympians stories. Unlike other big characters in the series, none of her parents are gods.

Q: What is Paresthesia?
A: Paresthesia (pron. ; paraesthesia in British English, pron.

Q: What is Fred R. Harris?
A: Fred Roy Harris (November 13, 1930 – November 23, 2024) was an American politician. He was the United States senator of Oklahoma.

Q: What is Rope (movie)?
A: Rope is a 1948 American drama movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It stars James Stewart, John Dall and Farley Granger.

Q: What is Legitimacy?
A: The word legitimacy means something which is good and right. The thing may be right because it follows the law, a religion calls it right, or it may be naturally right.

Q: What is Rosa Glen, Western Australia?
A: Rosa Glen is a small rural area in the South West region of Western Australia. It is located about 20 kilometers southeast of Margaret River and is part of the Shire of Augusta-Margaret River.

Q: What is Pat Hingle?
A: Martin Patterson "Pat" Hingle (July 19, 1924 January 3, 2009) was an American actor. He played Commissioner James Gordon in the Tim Burton/Joel Schumacher Batman films: Batman, Batman Returns, Batman Forever, and Batman & Robin.

Q: What is Kalevala?
A: " (The Aino Story) by Akseli Gallen-Kallela 1891 Kalevala is the Finnish national epic. This means it is a book that is very important to Finnish people.

Q: What is Liceo Tommaso Gulli?
A: The Liceo Tommaso Gulli is a prestigious high school located in Reggio Calabria, Italy. Founded in 1908 it was initially a women's boarding school preparing female students to become teachers and nurses.

Q: What is Nicodemo Scarfo?
A: Nicodemo Domenico "Little Nicky" Scarfo (March 8, 1929 – January 15, 2017) was a member of the American Mafia who eventually became the Boss of the Philadelphia crime family after the death of Angelo Bruno and Phil Testa. During his criminal career, Scarfo was described by some as psychotic, cruel and vicious.

Q: What is Province of Segovia?
A: Segovia () is a province of central/northern Spain, in the southern part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is bordered by the province of Burgos in the north, Soria in the northeast, Guadalajara in the east, Madrid in the south, Ávila in the west and southwest, and Valladolid (province)

Q: What is Adrian Fenty?
A: Adrian Malik Fenty (born December 6, 1970) was the sixth, and youngest Mayor of the District of Columbia. He was a national leader in urban education reform.

Q: What is Dashavatar?
A: The Dashavatara refers to the ten main incarnations of Lord Vishnu, the supreme Hindu god of preservation. Vishnu is said to descend in the form of an avatar to restore balance in the world.

Q: What is WrestleMania IX?
A: WrestleMania IX was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on April 4, 1993 at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Q: What is Iron deficiency (plant disorder)?
A: Iron deficiency is a plant disorder. When a plant doesn't get enough iron, its leaves get yellow and brown.

Q: What is Dylan Bruce?
A: Dylan Bruce (born April 21, 1980) is a Canadian actor. He is best known for his roles as Chris Hughes on the CBS daytime soap opera As the World Turns and Paul Dierden on the BBC America/Space science fiction series Orphan Black.

Q: What is Bodaybo?
A: Bodaybo () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 15,340 people lived there.

Q: What is Mont Belvieu, Texas?
A: Mont Belvieu is a city in Chambers and Liberty counties in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Corrèze?
A: Corrèze () is a department in south-western France, named after the Corrèze river. It is in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region and its capital is the city of Tulle.

Q: What is Schneeberg, Bavaria?
A: Schneeberg is a market municipality in the Miltenberg district in the Lower Franconia region in Bavaria, Germany.

Q: What is Egon Zimmermann?
A: Egon Zimmermann (8 February 1939 &ndash; 23 August 2019), often known as Egon Zimmermann II, was an Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist and businessman. Zimmermann won the Olympic downhill at Patscherkofel in 1964 and won several medals on the professional tour in the late-1960s and early 1970s.

Q: What is Boris Tadić?
A: Boris Tadić (; born on January 15, 1958 63 in Sarajevo) is a former president of Serbia. He is involved in psychology and he is also the current president of the Democratic Party (Serbia).

Q: What is Jhon Jarrín?
A: Jhon Jarrín (21 December 1961 — 9 March 2021) was an Ecuadorian track cyclist. He competed in the individual and Cycling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's team pursuit Jarrín killed after being hit by a car in Cuenca, Ecuador

Q: What is Topaz?
A: Topaz is a silicate mineral. Along with silicate, it includes the chemical elements aluminium and fluorine with the chemical formula Al2SiO4(F,OH)2.

Q: What is Arman Kirakossian?
A: Arman Kirakossian (; 10 September 1956 – 6 July 2019) was an Armenian diplomat and historian. At the time of his death in July 2019, he was Ambassador of Armenia to the United Kingdom since November 2018.

Q: What is Mineralnye Vody?
A: Mineralnye Vody () is a town in Stavropol Krai, Russia. In 2023, 69,569 people lived there.

Q: What is Upsilon?
A: Upsilon (uppercase/lowercase Υ υ), otherwise known as simply u, is the 20th letter of the Greek alphabet. It is used to represent the "u" sound in Ancient Greek and "i" in Modern Greek.

Q: What is George Hilton (actor)?
A: George Hilton (16 July 1934 &ndash; 28 July 2019), sometimes credited as Jorge Hilton, was a Uruguayan actor. He was known for his many spaghetti western performances.

Q: What is Callimedusa perinesos?
A: The orange-spotted leaf frog (Callimedusa perinesos) is a frog that lives in Ecuador and Colombia. Scientists have seen it up in the mountains, between 1410 and 1740 meters above sea level.

Q: What is Livermorium?
A: Livermorium is a radioactive chemical element that has the chemical symbol Lv and the atomic number 116. Its longest half-life lasts only 47 milliseconds.

Q: What is NCAA Division II?
A: Division II is the middle division of competition in the National Collegiate Athletic Association. It is less competitive and less expensive than Division I, but more competitive than Division III, which offers no athletic scholarships.

Q: What is Area codes 205 and 659?
A: Area codes 205 and 659 are area codes for Alabama. 205 was one of the first area codes created in 1947.

Q: What is Valery Gerasimov?
A: Valery Vasilyevich Gerasimov (; born 8 September 1955) is a Russian General of the Army. He is the current Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation.

Q: What is Isabel Nogueira?
A: Isabel Nogueira is a volleyball player from Mexico. Isabel competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Amália Rodrigues?
A: Amália da Piedade Rebordão Rodrigues, known just by Amália Rodrigues (July 23, 1920 – October 6, 1999) was a Portuguese singer and actress. She was called the "Rainha do Fado" ("Queen of Fado") and she was very important in making the fado popular all over the world.

Q: What is Tap (valve)?
A: A tap, faucet, or spigot is something that a liquid or gas comes out of. Taps usually have a handle that can be turned to start or stop the liquid coming out.

Q: What is Raising Arizona?
A: Raising Arizona is a 1987 American black comedy crime movie directed by Coen brothers. It stars Nicolas Cage, Holly Hunter, Trey Wilson, William Forsythe, John Goodman, Sam McMurray, Frances McDormand, Randall "Tex" Cobb and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Puran Tehsil?
A: Puran is a tehsil of the Shangla District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Aloch is the headquarters of the tehsil.

Q: What is Heinrich Müller (Gestapo)?
A: Heinrich Müller was a high-ranking German Schutzstaffel (SS) and police official during the Nazi era.

Q: What is Bronze Age?
A: and Asia Minor. The darkest areas are the oldest The Bronze Age is a period in human prehistory when people made tools from bronze, an alloy (mixture) of metals.

Q: What is Natascha Kampusch?
A: Natascha Maria Kampusch (born 17 February 1988 in Vienna) is an Austrian woman who was kidnapped on 2 March 1998. She was held in a secret cellar by her kidnapper for over eight years until she escaped on 23 August 2006.

Q: What is Cell growth?
A: Cell growth (or interphase) is shorthand for the idea of "growth in cell populations" by means of cell reproduction. It is the stage which cells are preparing for the next division, biochemical activities and reactions are taking place, however no obvious changes can be seen at this stage.

Q: What is Sinking of MV Conception?
A: On September 2, 2019, the 75-foot (23 m) diving boat Conception caught fire and sank off the coast of Santa Cruz Island, California. The boat was anchored in Platts Harbor, a small undeveloped bay on the north shore of the island, with over 30 passengers asleep below decks when fire broke out shortly after 3 am.

Q: What is Ogden Dunes, Indiana?
A: Ogden Dunes is a town in Portage Township, Porter County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Skating?
A: Skating refers and involves any sport or recreational activity that involves traveling on dry surface or ice using skates. There are many varieties of skating, such as: *Roller skating **Rollerblading **Inline skating **Skateboarding *Ice skating **Figure skating **Ice dancing **Speed skating

Q: What is World War II?
A: World War II, or the Second World War, was a global conflict (1 September 1939 – 2 September 1945) which involved fighting between the Allies and the Axis. Some fighting started in 1937, when Imperial Japanese forces started the Second Sino-Japanese War.

Q: What is Christian Monsod?
A: Christian S. Monsod (born July 16, 1936) is a Filipino lawyer.

Q: What is Herman Kahn?
A: Herman Kahn (February 15, 1922 – July 7, 1983) was one of the most famous futurists of the second half of the twentieth century. His theories helped to develop the nuclear strategy of the United States.

Q: What is Pohang?
A: Pohang is a city in North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea. Its a main seaport in the Daegu-Gyeongbuk region.

Q: What is Circuit?
A: Circuit may mean: In electrical engineering * Electrical circuit, a path which voltage or current source follows * Digital circuit * Integrated circuit * Printed circuit board (PCB) * LC circuit In government and law *Circuit (political division), an administrative area in East Asian countries *Circuit court, the name of court systems in several common law jurisdictions In racing * Race track

Q: What is Joe M. Jackson?
A: Joe Madison Jackson (March 14, 1923 &ndash; January 13, 2019) was a retired American soldier. He served as a career officer in the United States Air Force.

Q: What is Shooting?
A: with a Krag-Jørgensen bolt-action rifle in 1940.|thumb|200px|right Shooting is when a rifle, shotgun or other weapons which fire a projectile, such as bows or crossbows, are fired. Even the firing of artillery, rockets and missiles can be called shooting.

Q: What is NGC 1999?
A: NGC 1999 (nicknamed the Keyhole Nebula) is a reflection nebula in the constellation of Orion. It is about 1,500 light-years away from Earth.

Q: What is Ranchi?
A: Ranchi is the capital city of Jharkhand state of India. About 11,26,720 people lived in Ranchi (census:2011).

Q: What is Manipur Polo International 2013?
A: Manipur Polo International 2013 or 7th Manipur International Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world.

Q: What is Backlash (2003)?
A: Backlash (2003) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on April 27, 2003 at the Worcester Centrum in Worcester, Massachusetts.

Q: What is Ostel?
A: Ostel is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is André Silva (footballer, born 1995)?
A: André Miguel Valente da Silva (born 6 November 1995) is a Portuguese football player. He plays as a striker for RB Leipzig, and the Portugal national team.

Q: What is WAGR Ob class?
A: The WAGR Ob class was one experimental steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1923 to 1925. In 1923 O class No.

Q: What is Gestapo?
A: The Gestapo was the official secret police of Nazi Germany. It was formed in 1933.

Q: What is 2024 Iran–Pakistan border skirmishes?
A: On January 16, 2024, Iran conducted a series of missile strikes in Pakistan, targeting militants of Jaish ul-Adl in the Pakistani province of Balochistan. This was after Iran conducted similar strikes in Iraq and Syria, claiming retaliation for the Kerman bombings on January 3, attributed to the Islamic State.

Q: What is Academy Award for Best Assistant Director?
A: The Academy Award for Best Assistant Director is one of the Academy Awards. It was given from 1933 to 1937.

Q: What is Un medico in famiglia?
A: Un medico in famiglia (in ) is an Italian drama TV series. It aired on Rai 1 and started in 1998.

Q: What is Left 4 Dead?
A: Left 4 Dead is a first-person shooter video game made by Valve Corporation for Mac computers, Windows PCs, and the Xbox 360. It was released in North America and Australasia on October 18, 2008, and on October 21, 2008 in Japan and Europe.

Q: What is Yaakov Heruti?
A: officer with his father Mordechai, 1945 Yaakov Heruti (; 15 January 1927 – 28 July 2022) was an Israeli lawyer and right-wing activist. He was a member of the pre-state militant group Kingdom of Israel, which bombed the Soviet embassy in Tel Aviv.

Q: What is Doug Barrowman?
A: Douglas Alan Barrowman (born March 1965) is a businessman from Scotland, United Kingdom. He founded the Knox Group of Companies and also he has invested in such companies as Ve Interactive, Aston Ventures, and Equi Capital.

Q: What is Louise Farrenc?
A: Louise Farrenc (born Paris, 31 May 1804; died 15 September 1875) was a French composer, virtuoso pianist and teacher. She was very well-known during her lifetime, but her best compositions are not very well known.

Q: What is Melinoe?
A: Melinoë or Meilinoë (Greek: Μηλινοη, Μειλινοη) is a deity in Greek mythology. A Chthonic goddess, originating from the Underworld, she is known as a bringer of nightmares and madness.

Q: What is Muzaffar Husayn?
A: Muzaffar Husayn was a Timurid prince. He was the last ruler and brother of Badi al Zaman Mirza and died to the Uzbeks in 1506.

Q: What is Symphony No. 3 (Beethoven)?
A: The Symphony No. 3 in E flat major ("Eroica"), Op.

Q: What is Observation arc?
A: An observation arc (or arc length) of a Solar System body is the amount of time between its earliest and latest observations. It is used for finding its path.

Q: What is Joel (Sudanese King of Dotawo)?
A: Joel of Dotawo was a king of the Christian kingdom of Dotawo in Nubia. His rule is documented from the year 1484.

Q: What is Selles, Haute-Saône?
A: Selles is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Gary Fleder?
A: Gary Fleder is an American movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He is known for the movie Homefront, released by Open Road Films and Millennium Films in November 2013.

Q: What is Public health observatory?
A: In the UK, a public health observatory (PHO) is a public health and wellness project. On 1 April 2013, the regional Public Health Observatories (PHOs) transferred along with the specialist observatories and the National Cancer Intelligence Network into Public Health England (PHE).

Q: What is Peter Plympton Smith?
A: Peter Plympton Smith (born October 31, 1945) is a former member of the United States House of Representatives from the U.S. state of Vermont, the 74th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont, and an education administrator.

Q: What is Julien Escudé?
A: Julien Régis Paul Escudé (born 17 August 1979) is a French former professional footballer who played mainly as a central defender but also as a full back.

Q: What is High Easter?
A: High Easter is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 657 people living in High Easter.

Q: What is Cirilo Bautista?
A: Cirilo F. Bautista (July 9, 1941 &ndash; May 6, 2018) was a Filipino poet, fictionist, critic and writer of nonfiction.

Q: What is Luther Blissett?
A: Luther Loide Blissett (born 1 February 1958) is a Jamaican-born former English football player. He has played for England national team.

Q: What is Stephan James?
A: Stephan James (born December 16, 1993) is a Canadian actor. He is known for playing track and field sprinter Jesse Owens in the 2016 movie Race.

Q: What is WWE Extreme Rules?
A: WWE Extreme Rules was a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view and livestreaming show made by WWE from 2009 to 2022. The matches during Extreme Rules events usually centered around hardcore wrestling, called "Extreme Rules matches" by the company since the start of their ECW brand.

Q: What is Youth Riding a Rooster (Epiktetos)?
A: Youth Riding a Rooster is a red-figure plate painted by Epiktetos about 520–510 BC. Its diameter measures 7 3/8 in.

Q: What is Ontario Highway 417?
A: Ontario Highway 417 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts on the eastern Ontario border with Quebec, near Hawkesbury, as an extension of Quebec Autoroute 40.

Q: What is Hearts of Iron?
A: Hearts of Iron (HOI) is a grand strategy real-time simulation game developed by Paradox Interactive in Sweden.

Q: What is The Silent Partner (1978 movie)?
A: The Silent Partner (French title: L'argent de la banque) is a 1978 Canadian heist movie and a remake of the 1969 Danish movie Think of a Number. It is based on a novel by Danish writer Anders Bodelsen.

Q: What is Ontario Highway 9?
A: Ontario Highway 9 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs from west to east and is divided into two parts.

Q: What is FIFA 21?
A: FIFA 21 is a 2020 association football simulation video game in Electronic Arts' FIFA series created by EA Vancouver and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for the Playstation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X and Series S, Nintendo Switch, Google Stadia and Microsoft Windows.

Q: What is X-Men (movie)?
A: X-Men is a 2000 superhero movie based upon the fictional characters the X-Men. The movie is about mutants who are the next evolutionary step of humanity.

Q: What is Lanao del Sur?
A: Lanao del Sur is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (BARMM).

Q: What is Air gun?
A: An air gun is a gun which uses gas to fire a projectile instead of burning gunpowder that an ordinary gun uses. The oldest air guns used a bellows to compress (squeeze) air in a tube.

Q: What is Perfect (The Smashing Pumpkins song)?
A: "Perfect" is a 1998 song by American band the Smashing Pumpkins and is the second single from their fourth studio album Adore. It went to number 11 in Canada, number 17 in Iceland, number 18 in New Zealand, number 24 in the United Kingdom and number 54 in the United States.

Q: What is Nicaragua cross-banded tree frog?
A: The Nicaragua cross-banded tree frog or tawny smilisca (Smilisca puma) is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Nicaragua. Scientists have seen it as high as 520 meters above sea level.

Q: What is Biodegradation?
A: growing on a bin of wet paper Biodegradation is a chemical process in which materials are dissolved by bacteria or other biological elements. If a material is biodegradable, it means that it can be consumed by microorganisms and turned into compounds that are natural.

Q: What is New Mexico's 3rd congressional district?
A: New Mexico's 3rd congressional district () is a congressional district is the U.S state of New Mexico. The district is in the north part of the state.

Q: What is Gao Wenbin?
A: Gao Wenbin () (December 1921/1922 &#x2013; 7 September 2020) was a Chinese historian, translator, university professor and jurist. He was the last surviving member of the Chinese delegation which represented the Republic of China at the Tokyo Trial.

Q: What is Buch in Tirol?
A: Buch in Tirol is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol. The name of the municipality was changed from Buch bei Jenbach on 29 June 2010.

Q: What is Marek Gołąb?
A: Marek Gołąb (7 May 1940 &ndash; 6 October 2017) was a Polish Olympic weightlifting Gołąb died in Warsaw, Poland on 6 October 2017 at the age of 77.

Q: What is Henrichemont?
A: Henrichemont, known in the past as Boisbelle, is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 1,729 people lived there in January 2019.

Q: What is Egil Olsen?
A: Egil Roger Olsen (born 22 April 1942), nicknamed Drillo, is a Norwegian former football manager and player. He is best known as a highly successful manager of the Norway national team.

Q: What is Civil rights movements?
A: and other civil rights leaders in front of the statue of Abraham Lincoln, August 28, 1963 The civil rights movements was a series of worldwide political movements for equal civil and political rights. Many times in history, people have used nonviolence to show that they are equal without hurting anybody.

Q: What is Trinamool Congress?
A: The All India Trinamool Congress (abbreviated AITC, TMC or Trinamool Congress) is an Indian political party based in West Bengal.

Q: What is Filaret (Denysenko)?
A: Patriarch Filaret (secular name Mykhailo Antonovych Denysenko, born 23 January 1929) is the primate and Patriarch of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church – Kyiv Patriarchate. He has been the patriarch since 2019.

Q: What is Deaths in February 2018?
A: The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in February 2018. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months".

Q: What is Geezer Butler?
A: Terence Michael Joseph "Geezer" Butler (born 17 July 1949) is an English musician and songwriter. Butler is best known as the bassist and primary lyricist of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath.

Q: What is Ilinka Mitreva?
A: Ilinka Mitreva (; 11 February 1950 – 1 August 2022) was a Macedonian politician. She was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in 2001 and again from 2002 to 2006.

Q: What is Otto of Bavaria?
A: Otto (; 27 April 1848 – 11 October 1916) was King of Bavaria from 1886 until his death. He never actively ruled because of schizophrenia.

Q: What is Artificial sweetener?
A: . An artificial sweetener or sugar substitute is a chemical.

Q: What is Sangerhausen?
A: Sangerhausen is the capital of the Mansfeld-Südharz rural district in Germany. It is between Magdeburg and Erfurt.

Q: What is Cass County, Nebraska?
A: Cass County is a county in the U.S. state of Nebraska.

Q: What is Australian Canadians?
A: Australian Canadians are Canadian citizens of Australian descent or Australian-born people who resides in Canada.

Q: What is La Porte, Texas?
A: La Porte is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States. in Harris County, Texas establishments in the United States establishments in Texas

Q: What is Grant, Alabama?
A: Grant is a town in Marshall County, in the northeast of Alabama. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is The Wicker Man?
A: A wicker man is a wicker effigy used in human sacrifice It may refer to: *The Wicker Man (1973 movie), British movie starring Edward Woodward *The Wicker Man (2006 movie), American movie starring Nicolas Cage, remake of the above

Q: What is Excellent Cadaver?
A: , an founder of Excellent Cadaver Excellent Cadaver is a movie and television Production company

Q: What is Lars-Erik Berenett?
A: Lars-Erik Berenett (23 December 1942 – 1 February 2017) was a Swedish actor. He was well known for his title role in the movies about Roland Hassel and for his role as Harald Bovallius in the soap opera Skilda världar.

Q: What is San Luis Province?
A: San Luis is a province of Argentina. The Pampa de las Salinas is a great salt lake in the province.

Q: What is Igor Moskvin?
A: Igor Borisovich Moskvin (; 30 August 1929 – 10 November 2020) was a Russian figure skating coach and competitor. He represented the Soviet Union in pair skating with his partner Maya Belenkaya.

Q: What is Beekeeper?
A: A beekeeper is a person who farms bees either for pollinating plants or for the collection of their honey. The main job of a beekeeper is to monitor bees, maintain beehives, split colonies, and remove vermin and parasites from hives.

Q: What is Teton County?
A: Teton County is the name of three counties in the United States: * Teton County, Idaho * Teton County, Montana * Teton County, Wyoming

Q: What is Understudy?
A: In theater, an understudy is an actor or singer who studies the part of one of the main actors or singers in cases when they can't perform. If a main performer is unable to perform, the understudy will take their place.

Q: What is Lucy?
A: The name Lucy [ loo-see ] is a French and English female given name. It is feminine for the male name Lucius (which means "as of light").

Q: What is 1946 South American Championship?
A: The nineteenth edition of the South American Championship in football was held in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 12 January to 10 February. This tournament, an extra edition with no trophy handed to the winners, is considered official by CONMEBOL.

Q: What is Barcs?
A: Barcs (; or ) is a town in Somogy County, Hungary. It is the seat of Barcs District.

Q: What is Transport (constituency)?
A: The Transport, formerly called Transport and Communication in the colonial period, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. 178 electors are only limited to transportation associations.

Q: What is Focal length?
A: The focal length tells how strongly a lens, a curved mirror or another optical device brings light together or spreads it out. If rays of light go straight into a lens and the focal length is positive, the focal length is the distance to the point behind the lens where the rays will be brought to a focus.

Q: What is Mediterranean Region, Turkey?
A: The Mediterranean Region is a geographical region of Turkey. The largest city in the region is Antalya.

Q: What is Ghal'eh Dokhtar?
A: in AD 209, before he was finally able to defeat the Parthian empire. Qal'eh Dokhtar or Ghale Dokhtar or Dokhtar Castle or Dezh Dokhtar (, "The Maiden Castle"), is a castle made by Ardashir I, in present-day Fars, Iran.

Q: What is Mosaic evolution?
A: In mosaic evolution some characters in a transitional form are basal, while others are remarkably advanced. Apparently, evolutionary change takes place rapidly in some body parts or systems without wikt:simultaneous Evolution from a basal (early) form to a derived (later) form takes place in stages.

Q: What is Pablo Casado?
A: Pablo Casado Blanco (born 1 February 1981) is a Spanish politician. He was the leader of the People's Party.

Q: What is Å?
A: Å (or å) is a letter used in the Danish, Norwegian, Swedish and Finnish languages. It is an A with an overring.

Q: What is Carly, Pas-de-Calais?
A: Carly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Dunblane?
A: Dunblane is a cathedral city in Stirlingshire, Scotland. It is built on the banks of the Allan Water, a tributary of the River Forth.

Q: What is Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)?
A: "Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)" is a song by the English Western rock music. The song was a number one in Australia, where it was released as a single.

Q: What is Waldo R. Tobler?
A: Waldo Rudolph Tobler (1930 &ndash; February 20, 2018) was an American geographer and cartographer. He was born in Portland, Oregon.

Q: What is Gonesse?
A: Gonesse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France.

Q: What is The Witcher 3?
A: Wild Hunt: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a video game that came out in 2015. It was made by CD Projekt Red and was based on The Witcher series of books by Andrzej Sapkowski.

Q: What is Bow shock?
A: In astrophysics, a bow shock triggers when the magnetosphere of an astrophysical object interacts with the nearby flowing ambient plasma such as the solar wind. For Earth and other magnetized planets, it is the border at which the speed of the stellar wind suddenly drops as a result of its approach to the magnetopause.

Q: What is Critic?
A: A critic is a person who reviews things like movies, books, and food to see if they are any good and if other people would like them. They write reviews about what they have seen or read.

Q: What is Iulia Motoc?
A: Iulia Motoc (born 20 April 1967 in Timişoara) is a Romanian international law professor. From 2010 to 2014, she was a judge at the Constitutional Court of Romania.

Q: What is The Pink Panther 2?
A: The Pink Panther 2 is a comedy movie released in 2009. It is the sequel to the movie The Pink Panther.

Q: What is Canberra Olympic FC?
A: Canberra Olympic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in O'Connor, a suburb of Canberra. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT).

Q: What is Patricia Bevilacqua?
A: Patricia Bevilacqua is a judoka from Brazil. Bevilacqua competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Kiwi.com?
A: Kiwi.com (known in the past as skypicker.com ) is a global tourist metasearch engine and online service for searching air tickets and ground transport. It was founded in 2012 in Czechia.

Q: What is Zambezi Region?
A: Zambezi is a region in Namibia. The capital is Katima Mulilo.

Q: What is Gregg Allman?
A: Gregg Allman (December 8, 1947 &ndash; May 27, 2017) was an American rock musician. He was a member of the Allman Brothers Band with his brother, Duane Allman, which popularised Southern Rock in the 1970s.

Q: What is Tom O'Donnell?
A: Thomas G. O'Donnell (30 August 1926 – 8 October 2020) was an Irish Fine Gael politician.

Q: What is Joutseno?
A: Joutseno is a former town and municipality of Finland. It is now part of Lappeenranta.

Q: What is Elmont, New York?
A: Elmont is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located in northwestern Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, United States, along its border with the borough of Queens in New York City. It is a suburban bedroom community located on Long Island.

Q: What is Jake Auchincloss?
A: Jacob Daniel Auchincloss ( ; born January 29, 1988) is an American politician, businessman, and Marine Corps officer. He has been the U.S.

Q: What is Morton Ira Greenberg?
A: Morton Ira Greenberg (March 20, 1933 &ndash; January 28, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit from 1987 until his death.

Q: What is Sheila Jordan?
A: Sheila Jeannette Jordan ( Dawson; November 18, 1928 – August 11, 2025) was an American jazz singer-songwriter. She was known for singing bebop and Scat singing Jordan died on August 11, 2025 at her apartment in New York City at the age of 96.

Q: What is Rick Bacon?
A: Rick Bacon is a retired volleyball player from Canada. Rick competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is California State University?
A: . The California State University (CSU) is a public university system established in 1857 in California.

Q: What is Ian Curtis?
A: Ian Kevin Curtis (15 July 1956 – 18 May 1980) was the singer of the post-punk band Joy Division. He was born in Stretford, Lancashire and grew up in Macclesfield, Cheshire.

Q: What is Son of Flubber?
A: Son of Flubber is a 1963 Disney movie directed by Robert Stevenson. It stars Fred MacMurray, Nancy Olsen, Keenan Wynn, and Tommy Kirk.

Q: What is Scinax perereca?
A: Scinax perereca is a frog. Scientists have seen it Brazil and Argentina.

Q: What is Adam Sandler?
A: Adam Richard Sandler (born September 9, 1966) is an American actor, comedian, film producer, and screenwriter. He is best known for comedy movies, such as Happy Gilmore, The Wedding Singer, Little Nicky, Spanglish, I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry, You Don't Mess with the Zohan and Uncut Gems.

Q: What is Violin Concerto No. 1 (Bach)?
A: The Violin Concerto No. 1 in A minor (BWV 1041) is a work for solo violin and orchestra.

Q: What is Ardipithecus kadabba?
A: do Ardipithecus kadabba (abbreviated Ar. kadabba) is a species of very early hominid.

Q: What is Hedy Epstein?
A: Spag-Hedy Epstein (15 August 1924 – 26 May 2016), née Wachenheimer, was a German-born Jewish-Freiburg to a Jewish family. She was rescued from Nazi Germany by the Kindertransport in 1939.

Q: What is Mount Koubru?
A: Mount Koubru or Mount Koupalu is a high mountain in the northern hill province of Manipur. It has cultural and religious significance to the Meitei ethnicity since the inception of Ancient Manipur.

Q: What is Silk tree?
A: Silk tree Albizia julibrissin is a species of genus Albizia from southeast and east Asia, from east Iran to China and Korea. This Genus honoring Italian noble Filippo del Albizzi, who introduce it in Europe at middle XVIII century, sometimes incorrectly named "Albizzia".

Q: What is Patent holding company?
A: A patent holding company (PHC) exists to hold patents on behalf of one or more other companies. Unlike operating companies, PHCs typically do not manufacture products or provide services based on the patents they hold.

Q: What is Lokkha-Haokha (ancient tribe)?
A: The Lokkha-Haokhas (or Lokha-Haokha) or the Haokha-Lokkhas (or Haokha-Lokha) were an ancient tribe of Ancient Kangleipak (early Manipur). They settled in and near Sugnu, which was also known as "Lokkha Haokha", in Kakching district.

Q: What is Shimane Prefecture?
A: is a Japanese Tottori from Hiroshima and Okayama. That means that the weather here is much wetter than further to the south.

Q: What is Denis Vavro?
A: Denis Vavro (born 10 April 1996) is a Slovak football player. He plays as a centre-back for Copenhagen and the Slovakia national team.

Q: What is Mireia Riera Casanovas?
A: Mireia Riera Casanovas (born March 14, 1975 in Lloret de Mar, Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. She has a physical disability: she has cerebral palsy and is an S7 type swimmer.

Q: What is Ann McLaughlin Korologos?
A: Ann McLaughlin Korologos (born Ann Lauenstein; November 16, 1941 — January 30, 2023), formerly known as Ann Dore McLaughlin, is an American politician. She was the United States Secretary of Labor from 1987 to 1989.

Q: What is Wiwaxia?
A: Wiwaxia corrugata is an extinct species of animal known only from fossils found in Canada's Burgess Shale deposits. Wiwaxia somewhat resembles a very small porcupine (about 30&nbsp;mm in diameter) with its quills pulled out.

Q: What is Washington Territory?
A: The Territory of Washington was an organized incorporated territory of the United States. It was a territory from March 2, 1854, until November 11, 1889.

Q: What is Plaimbois-du-Miroir?
A: Plaimbois-du-Miroir is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Q: What is Michael Mando?
A: Michael Mando (born 1981) is a Canadian actor. He is famously known for his roles as Nacho Varga in Better Call Saul (2015–2022), Vaas Montenegro in the video games of Far Cry (2012–2021), Vic Schmidt in the series Orphan Black (2013–2014), and Mac Gargan in Spider-Man: Homecoming.

Q: What is Tite Kubo?
A: , better known as Tite Kubo, is a Japanese manga artist and character designer. He is best known for creating the manga series Bleach.

Q: What is Knesset Menorah?
A: The Knesset Menorah (, Menorat HaKnesset) is a monument in front of the Knesset. It was built by Benno Elkan in 1956.

Q: What is Ebro Foods?
A: , Spain Ebro Foods is a Spanish food company. It is the world's largest producer of rice and the second biggest producer of pasta.

Q: What is Pei Chi Juan?
A: Pei Chi Juan (born 10 August 1983) is a Taiwanese volleyball player. She played for the Chinese Taipei women's national volleyball team.

Q: What is Stanstead, Suffolk?
A: Stanstead is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 316 people living in Stanstead.

Q: What is David Bramwell (botanist)?
A: David Bramwell MBE (25 November 1942 – 20 January 2022) was an English botanist and Taxonomy (biology) Bramwell died in Liverpool, England on 20 January 2022, aged 79.

Q: What is Spanish Republican government in exile?
A: The Spanish Republican government in exile was a group of politicians who went into exile in France when the dictator Francisco Franco took power in Spain after the Spanish Civil War. They wanted to continue the government of the Second Spanish Republic.

Q: What is Park Kyung-hwan?
A: Park Kyung-Hwan (박경환 born 29 December 1976) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

Q: What is Iron Range?
A: The Iron Range is a group of mining districts near Lake Superior that mine iron. Taconite in the area are turned into pellets.

Q: What is Troy Pickard?
A: Troy Ernest Pickard (18 January 1973 – 11 January 2022) was an Australian politician. He was the mayor of the City of Joondalup from 2006 to 2017.

Q: What is Saint-Disdier?
A: Saint-Disdier used to be a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2013, it became part of the new commune of Le Dévoluy.

Q: What is National Secondary School Academic Competition?
A: The National Secondary School Academic Competition (hungarian: Országos Középiskolai Tanulmányi Verseny, OKTV) in Hungary is a well-known high-level contest for students aged 15-18 (grades 9-12). They compete in subjects like sciences, IT, math, history, philosophy, Hungarian literature, and foreign languages.

Q: What is Le Hom?
A: Le Hom is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Gisele Bündchen?
A: Gisele Caroline Bündchen (born July 20, 1980) is a Brazilian model. She also occasionally acts in movies.

Q: What is Calocochlea pan?
A: Calocochlea pan is a species of large air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bradybaenidae. This species is very common in the Philippines.

Q: What is HAT-P-11b?
A: HAT-P-11b is an extrasolar planet. It is also called Kepler-3b.

Q: What is Spread (food)?
A: spread on it. The other with jelly spread on it.

Q: What is Hartlepool United F.C.?
A: Hartlepool Utd F.C are an English football team playing in the English Football League. They were founded in 1908 as ‘Hartlepools Utd’ and currently play at the Victoria ground.

Q: What is Technical University of Berlin?
A: The Technical University of Berlin (TU Berlin, German: Technische Universität Berlin) is located in Berlin, Germany. It was founded in 1879 and is one of the largest technical universities in Germany.

Q: What is Bigfoot?
A: Bigfoot, also called Sasquatch, is a creature in folklore. It is said that they are primates living in remote areas of Canada and the United States (US), most commonly in the Pacific Northwest.

Q: What is Modern English Bible translations?
A: There are many translations of the Bible in English. People don't agree about what is the "original Bible".

Q: What is Jack Gelineau?
A: John Edward "Jack" Gelineau (November 11, 1924 – November 12, 1998) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. Gelineau played 147 games in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Alison Cronin?
A: Alison Lorraine Cronin, Order of the British Empire Alison Cronin and her husband got an Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire

Q: What is The Shard?
A: The Shard (also referred to as the Shard of Glass, la si do do Shard London Bridge or the London Bridge Tower) is a high-rise building in Southwark, London. The Shard was built in July 2012.

Q: What is Brisbane Broncos?
A: The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league team. The team is based in Brisbane, Queensland.

Q: What is The Caine Mutiny?
A: The Caine Mutiny is a 1951 Pulitzer Prize winning war novel by American Jewish author Herman Wouk. In 1953, Herman Wouk wrote a play called The Caine Mutiny Court Martial based on the trial from the book and in which Henry Fonda played Greenwald.

Q: What is University of Tampere?
A: The University of Tampere (UTA) (, ) was a public university in Tampere, Finland that was merged with Tampere University of Technology to create the new Tampere University on 1 January 2019.

Q: What is Abdalqadir as-Sufi?
A: Abdalqadir as-Sufi (born Ian Dallas; 1930 &ndash; 1 August 2021) was a Scottish Islamic scholar and writer. He was the leader of the Darqawi-Shadhili-Qadiri Tariqa and founder of the Murabitun World Movement.

Q: What is Baja California chorus frog?
A: The Baja chorus frog, Baja California tree frog, or Baja California chorus frog (Pseudacris hypochondriaca) is a frog. It lives in the United States and Mexico.

Q: What is Duchy of Burgundy?
A: The Duchy of Burgundy began in the 9th century as part of the Frankish Empire. It was created from the remains of the Kingdom of the Burgundians, which had been conquered in 532.

Q: What is Madagascar Kartz?
A: Madagascar Kartz is a racing game based on DreamWorks Animation's Madagascar. It was released in 2009.

Q: What is Michael Laughlin?
A: Michael Stoddard Laughlin (1938 – October 27, 2021) was an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Minonk, Illinois.

Q: What is 1999 New Zealand general election?
A: The 1999 New Zealand general election was held on 27 November 1999. The governing National Party, led by Prime Minister Jenny Shipley, was defeated, being replaced by a coalition of Helen Clark's Labour Party and the smaller Alliance.

Q: What is WXKS-FM?
A: WXKS-FM (107.9 FM), branded as Kiss 108, is a commercial Top 40/CHR radio station licensed to serve Medford, Massachusetts, and covering Greater Boston. Owned by iHeartMedia, the WXKS-FM studios are in Medford and the transmitter sits atop the Prudential Tower in Downtown Boston.

Q: What is Moses Nagamootoo?
A: Moses Veerasammy Nagamootoo (born November 30, 1947 in Whim) is a Guyanese politician of the Alliance for Change. He was the Prime Minister of Guyana from May 20, 2015 to August 2, 2020.

Q: What is Carter Harrison IV?
A: Carter Henry Harrison IV (April 23, 1860 &ndash; December 25, 1953) served as Mayor of Chicago (1897–1905 and 1911–1915). As the City's 30th mayor, he was the first mayor actually born in Chicago.

Q: What is Pillar (band)?
A: Pillar is a Grammy-nominated Christian rock band from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Pillar has used several genres, such as hard rock, rapcore, and alternative metal.

Q: What is Hyundai Stellar?
A: The Hyundai Stellar is a large family car made by the Hyundai Motor Company. It was produced from July 1983 to 1992.

Q: What is Gómara, Soria?
A: Gómara is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain. in Castile and León in Soria

Q: What is Sewage?
A: Sewage or domestic wastewater is the liquid waste produced by people when using the toilet, having a bath or shower or washing clothes and dishes. In some places, it also includes rain-water falling on houses and roads.

Q: What is Debert?
A: Debert is an unincorporated community in Nova Scotia, Canada. It is in Colchester County.

Q: What is A Calamitous Elopement?
A: A Calamitous Elopement is a 1908 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W.

Q: What is Lincolnshire, Illinois?
A: Lincolnshire is a village in southern Lake County, Illinois. As of 2020, the population is 7,940.

Q: What is Interstate 73?
A: Interstate 73 is an Interstate Highway in the state of North Carolina in the United States. The route goes from Myrtle Beach north to Roanoke but will possibly go to Michigan in the future.

Q: What is Nicola Peltz?
A: Nicola Peltz (born January 9, 1995) is an American actress. She played Katara in the 2010 movie The Last Airbender, directed by M.

Q: What is Nieuw-Lekkerland?
A: Nieuw-Lekkerland is a former municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. Since 2013, it had been part of the new municipality of Molenwaard.

Q: What is Alta Vista, Kansas?
A: Alta Vista is a city in Wabaunsee County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Loricifera?
A: Loricifera is a recently discovered ecdysozoan phylum of Ocean They are a phylum of very small animals which live in sediment. There are now twenty-two described species, in eight genera.

Q: What is Métamorphose (Bardi)?
A: Métamorphose (also known as Metamorfosi. Deformazione meccanica di un fiore) was painted in oil (80x100 centimetres) by the italian painter Mario Bardi, created in 1988, it has been part of the permanent collection of the Museo MAGA in Gallarate.

Q: What is List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients?
A: Q–S: The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government. It is bestowed on members of the United States Armed Forces Many of the medals presented during the American Civil War were for capturing or saving regimental flags.

Q: What is Seven chieftains of the Magyars?
A: The Seven chieftains of the Magyars were the leaders of the seven tribes of the Hungarians. They arrived at the Carpathian Basin in AD 895.

Q: What is Nizami Ganjavi?
A: Nezami (Hakīm Nizām ad-Dīn Abū Muhammad Ilyās ibn-Yusūf ibn-Zakī ibn-Mu'ayyid Nezāmi Ganjavi (11411209) ) was a Persian poet. Nezāmi was born in Ganja, now Azerbaijan.

Q: What is Earl Thomas (wide receiver)?
A: Earl Lewis Thomas (October 4, 1948 – July 4, 2020) was an American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the Chicago Bears, the St.

Q: What is Stephanie Beacham?
A: Stephanie Beacham (born 28 February 1947) is an English theatre, television, radio and movie actress. She is known for her television roles in the BBC drama Tenko.

Q: What is AFC East?
A: The AFC East is a division in the National Football League. There are four teams in the AFC East: the New England Patriots, Buffalo Bills, New York Jets, and Miami Dolphins.

Q: What is London and North Western Railway?
A: The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) was a British railway company between 1846 and 1922. In the late 19th century the LNWR was the largest joint stock company in the world.

Q: What is Zambia National Service?
A: The Zambia National Service (ZNS) is a part of Zambia's defense force. It was started in 1971 by a decision from the government.

Q: What is Fakir Khana?
A: Fakir Khana is a private museum owned and run by the Fakir Family of Lahore, Punjab (Pakistan). It is in Bhaati Gate, a section of the old Walled city of Lahore.

Q: What is Milka Chepkorir?
A: Milka Chepkorir is an anthropologist, climate and human right activist. Her activism was further known when she represented for Sengwer people living around the Embobut and Kapolet Forests.

Q: What is Mary Miller (politician)?
A: Mary Miller (born August 27, 1959) is an American politician and farmer. She is a Republican.

Q: What is Gripen Trollhättan BK?
A: Gripen Trollhättan BK is a bandy club in Trollhättan, Sweden. The club was formed in 1936.

Q: What is Chicão (footballer, born 1949)?
A: Francisco Jezuíno Avanzi (30 January 1949 – 8 October 2008) was a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Q: What is Dance-punk?
A: Dance-punk (also known as disco-punk or punk-funk) is a music genre that started in the late 1970s, and is closely related to the post-punk and No Wave movements. Groups, such as !!! and The Rapture are examples of Dance-punk.

Q: What is Serge Baguet?
A: Serge Baguet (18 August 1969 &ndash; 9 February 2017) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. He started his professional cycling career in 1991.

Q: What is University of Ljubljana?
A: The University of Ljubljana ( , acronym: UL, ) is the oldest and largest university in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia. It has about 40.000 students.

Q: What is Kai Kahele?
A: Kaialiʻi Kahele (born March 28, 1974) is an American politician, educator, and commercial pilot. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Hawaii from 2021 to 2023.

Q: What is North Slope Borough, Alaska?
A: North Slope Borough is an Alaskan borough bounded on the south by the Brooks Range and located largely in the North Slope region of the U.S. state of Alaska.

Q: What is Carson Mansion?
A: The Carson Mansion is a five-story Queen Ann Victorian house in Eureka, California. It was built for $80,000 for a local lumber baron.

Q: What is The Fixer (2016 movie)?
A: The Fixer () is a 2016 Romanian French drama movie directed by Adrian Sitaru and starring Sorin Cocis, Tudor Istodor, Adrian Titieni, Mehdi Nebbou.

Q: What is Costa Mesa?
A: Costa Mesa is a city in Orange County, California. This place became a city in 1953.

Q: What is Bogotá bag?
A: in a burn patient. The incision is left open and the abdominal organs are covered until the pressure within the abdomen is reduced.

Q: What is Dittelbrunn?
A: Dittelbrunn is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany. Dittelbrunn has 4 parts: Dittelbrunn, , Holzhausen and Pfändhausen.

Q: What is Deepfake?
A: being arrested.Deepfake is the name for media content that has been changed, or created using technologies of artificial intelligence. In most cases, deepfakes are photos, or sequences of videos or audio.

Q: What is Logistics?
A: Logistics is the term which generally means the management of transportation of information or goods from one place to another. Logistics involves things like transportation, inventory, packaging, supplies and sometimes, social security and warehousing.

Q: What is Bob Miller (ice hockey)?
A: Robert Michael Miller, Jr. (September 28, 1956 – October 1, 2020) was an American professional ice hockey player.

Q: What is Milford, Michigan?
A: Milford is a village in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Q: What is Pembroke College, Oxford?
A: Pembroke College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford. Its full name is "The Master, Fellows and Scholars of Pembroke College".

Q: What is Regensburg?
A: Regensburg (German pronunciation: [ʁɛ:gənsbʊɐ̯k]; Czech: Řezno, Austro-Bavarian: [ʁɛŋsbʊɐ̯k]; Rengschburg or Rengschbuach [ʁɛŋsbʊax]) is a city in the south of Germany, in the east of the state of Bavaria. It has about 138,000 inhabitants and a university.

Q: What is René Hausman?
A: René Hausman (21 February 1936 &ndash; 28 April 2016) was a Belgian comic book writer and artist. He was best known for his dark fairy-tales and drawings.

Q: What is Downham Market?
A: Downham Market is a town and civil parish in Norfolk, England. In 2001 there were 6,730 people living in Downham Market.

Q: What is Houston Dynamo?
A: The Houston Dynamo are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Houston, Texas. In late 2005, the San Jose Earthquakes moved to the city because of financial problems in San Jose, California.

Q: What is Royal Geographical Society?
A: Royal Geographical Society (RGS) or the Royal Geographical Society with the Institute of British Geographers (RGS-IBG), is a group ("society") of educated people in the United Kingdom. This group works to increase the learning of geography.

Q: What is Business Line?
A: The paper is printed at 17 centres across India, reaching metros as well as emerging Tier I and Tier II cities. Business Line has a daily circulation of 1,17,000 copies, per the Audit Bureau of Circulation in 2016.

Q: What is Puertollano?
A: Puertollano (which translates to Flatport, in English) is a city in Spain. It is the second biggest in Ciudad Real province, in the region of Castile-La Mancha.

Q: What is E. C. George Sudarshan?
A: Ennackal Chandy George Sudarshan (also known as E. C.

Q: What is Michel Crauste?
A: Michel Crauste (July 6, 1934 &ndash; May 2, 2019) was a French international rugby union player. He played as a flanker and Number 8 for Racing Club de France and FC Lourdes.

Q: What is Zerfaliu?
A: Zerfaliu (Tzorfolìu) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,092 people lived there.

Q: What is 2025 Uttarakhand flash flood?
A: The 2025 Uttarakhand flash flood happened on 5 August 2025 in Uttarkashi, Uttarakhand, India. The disaster killed at least five people and left more than 50 others missing.

Q: What is Rodrigo Palacio?
A: Rodrigo Sebastián Palacio Alcalde (; born 5 February 1982) is an Argentine professional basketball player and former footballer.

Q: What is Rhea Silvia?
A: Rhea Silvia is a woman from Roman mythology. In the legend about the founding of Rome, is the mother of the twin brothers Romulus and Remus.

Q: What is Divisibility rules?
A: Divisibility rules of whole numbers are very useful because they help us to quickly determine if a number can be divided by 2, 3, 4, 5, 9, and 10 without doing long division. This is especially useful when the numbers are large.

Q: What is Rail transport?
A: . Railways in India carry about 17 million passengers every year and are one of the busiest in the world Rail transport is the movement of passengers and goods using wheeled vehicles called trains, made to run on railway tracks.

Q: What is Declaration of majority of Pedro II?
A: The Declaration of Majority of Pedro II () was a document signed by the General Assembly of Brazil on July 23, 1840. It declared the 14-year-old Pedro II of Brazil to be of legal age, allowing him to assume the full powers of Emperor, earlier than the usual age of 18.

Q: What is Ons Heemecht?
A: "Ons Heemecht" (formerly spelt "Ons Hémecht"; ; "Our Homeland") is the national anthem of Luxembourg.

Q: What is Taipei Veterans General Hospital?
A: Taipei Veterans General Hospital (臺北榮民總醫院) is a teaching hospital at Beitou District, Taipei. As of May 2015, the hospital has 6000+ staff (including 1100+ doctors).

Q: What is High Ongar?
A: High Ongar is a village and civil parish in Epping Forest, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1171 people living in High Ongar.

Q: What is Tourcoing?
A: Tourcoing () is a town in the Nord department and Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in France. It is near Lille and Roubaix.

Q: What is Jacob Nena?
A: Jacob Nena (October 10, 1941 &ndash; July 7, 2022) was a Micronesian politician. He was the fourth President of the Federated States of Micronesia from 1996 to 1999.

Q: What is Aplastodiscus perviridis?
A: The canebreak tree frog (Aplastodiscus perviridis) is a frog. It lives in Brazil and Argentina.

Q: What is Camarasaurus?
A: Camarasaurus (meaning "chambered lizard") was a large plant-eating sauropod. It was about 18 meters long and weighed about 18 metric tones.

Q: What is Márton Tompos?
A: Márton Kristóf Tompos (born June 18, 1988, in Budapest) is a Hungarian politician and historian. He is a founding member of the Momentum Movement and served as its vice president from January 2024 to July 2024.

Q: What is University of Bristol?
A: The University of Bristol is a red brick university in Bristol, southwest England. Some studies rate it as one of the top 30 universities in the world.

Q: What is Shiloh?
A: Shiloh is a children's book written by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor in 1991. It won the 1992 Newbery Medal.

Q: What is Catacomb?
A: catacombs in Rome. A catacomb is an underground tunnel that is used to hold and bury dead bodies.

Q: What is La Bosse (Sarthe)?
A: La Bosse is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Zahedan?
A: Zahedan () is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Sistan and Baluchestan Province in Southeastern Iran.

Q: What is Meu Bem Querer?
A: Meu Bem Querer (My Wishing Well) is a Brazilian historical telenovela. It was first shown in 1998.

Q: What is Hydra (comics)?
A: with the Hydra logo. Hydra (often capitalized as HYDRA) are major antagonists in the Marvel Comics universe.

Q: What is Henryk Wujec?
A: Henryk Wujec (25 December 1940 He was a member of the Sejm from 1989 to 2001. Wujec was born in Podlesie, Biłgoraj County.

Q: What is Chagrin Falls, Ohio?
A: Chagrin Falls is a village in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Cleveland.

Q: What is Heaven Beside You?
A: "Heaven Beside You" is a 1996 song by Alice in Chains. It is the second single from their third studio album Alice in Chains and was included on their greatest hits albums Music Bank, Greatest Hits and The Essential Alice in Chains.

Q: What is Jimmy Mann (ice hockey)?
A: James Edward Mann (born April 17, 1959) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played 293 games in the National Hockey League. He played for the Winnipeg Jets, Quebec Nordiques and the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Q: What is Urabi revolt?
A: Ahmed Urabi was originally from a rural village in the Nile Delta. However, he rose to become a military officer later.

Q: What is Tramelan?
A: Tramelan is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger?
A: Dorothy Marie "Dottie" Metcalf-Lindenburger (born on May 2, 1975 in Colorado Springs, Colorado) is an American astronaut. She works for NASA.

Q: What is Katonah, New York?
A: Katonah is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Bedford in Westchester County, New York. in New York (state) places in New York (state)

Q: What is Tim Pawlenty?
A: Tim Pawlenty was the Governor of Minnesota. He was elected Governor in 2002 and was re-elected in 2006.

Q: What is Challis, Idaho?
A: Challis is a city in Idaho in the United States. The 2020 United States Census found out that the population of the city is about 902.

Q: What is Nippon Kaigi?
A: is Japan's largest ultraconservative and Ultranationalism The group is very influential in Japanese politics. Many ministers and a few prime ministers are included as members.

Q: What is Branch, Louisiana?
A: Branch is a census-designated place (CDP) in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States. places in Louisiana in Acadia Parish, Louisiana

Q: What is Fadwa Soliman?
A: Fadwa Soliman or Fadwa Suleiman (17 May 1970 – 17 August 2017) was a Syrian actress and activist. She was born in Aleppo, Syria.

Q: What is Mitsubishi K3M?
A: The Mitsubishi K3M is a Japanese training aircraft used during World War II. It is a single-engine aircraft built of metal and wood, for a crew of four people.

Q: What is Grant Fisher?
A: Grant Fisher (born April 22, 1997) is an American middle- and long-distance runner. In 2025, he set world records in two events.

Q: What is A Literature Lesson?
A: A Literature Lesson () is a 1968 Soviet comedy drama movie directed by Aleksey Korenev. It stars Yevgeny Steblov, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Inna Makarova.

Q: What is Skydra?
A: Skydra () is a town and municipality of Pella Prefecture in the region of Macedonia in Greece. It has a total population of 5,081 inhabitants in the town and 15,654 inhabitants in the municipality.

Q: What is Japanese mythology?
A: Japanese mythology is a system of beliefs that includes Shinto and Buddhist traditions. The Shinto religion alone has many kami (Japanese for "gods" or "spirits").

Q: What is Martha Vaughan?
A: Martha Vaughan (August 4, 1926 &ndash; September 13, 2018) was an American biochemist and psychologist. She worked at the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI) in Bethesda, Maryland.

Q: What is Plaxton Profile?
A: Volvo B7R with Plaxton Profile bodywork rear in May 2011 The Plaxton Profile is a bodywork of a Coach (bus) The Profile body was built on the Volvo B7R chassis or the Dennis Javelin chassis.

Q: What is René Vignal?
A: René Vignal (12 August 1926 – 21 November 2016) was a French footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played for Toulouse, RC Paris and Béziers at club level as well as the France national team.

Q: What is Playing for Pizza?
A: Playing for Pizza is a short novel by John Grisham, released on September 25, 2007. The novel is about an American football player who can no longer get work in the National Football League.

Q: What is Bumthang District?
A: Bumthang District is one of the 20 districts in Bhutan. The administrative centre is Jakar.

Q: What is Renée Poznanski?
A: Renée Poznanski (Hebrew: רנה פוזננסקי, born April 26, 1949) is a French-born Israeli historian specialized in the Holocaust and the Jewish Resistance in France. She teaches at the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev.

Q: What is Pony?
A: There are many different breeds of ponies. A baby horse or pony is generally called a foal (a colt if male or a filly if female).

Q: What is List of Irish counties by area?
A: The list below is a list of all the counties of Ireland by area. Counties in the Republic of Ireland are shown in normal type and counties in Northern Ireland are in italics.

Q: What is Sports agent?
A: A sports agent is a person who represents a sportsperson in finance and contracts. The sports agent negotiates the contracts for an athlete's salary.

Q: What is Greensburg, Louisiana?
A: Greensburg is the parish seat of St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Duel (1944 movie)?
A: Duel () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Legoshin. It stars Sergei Lukyanov, Vladimir Belokurov, and Andrey Tutyshkin.

Q: What is Daylesford, Victoria?
A: Daylesford is a town in Victoria, Australia. It is in the foothills of the Great Dividing Range, within the Shire of Hepburn, and about 108&nbsp;kilometres north-west of Melbourne.

Q: What is The Mighty Ducks?
A: The Mighty Ducks is a 1992 sports comedy movie set in Minneapolis. It was directed by Stephen Herek.

Q: What is Gone till November?
A: "Gone till November" is a 1997 song by Haitian singer Wyclef Jean and is the third single from his debut studio album The Carnival. It went to number 7 in the United States, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in New Zealand and Canada, number 5 in Ireland, number 8 in Scotland, number 15 in the Netherlands and number 31 in Germany.

Q: What is Cavity magnetron?
A: The cavity magnetron is a high-powered vacuum tube that makes microwaves using the interaction of a stream of electrons with a magnetic field. Electrons pass by holes (cavities), and the resonance creates microwaves, like blowing air on a flute creates sound (sound waves) of a certain pitch.

Q: What is Greg Thompson?
A: Gregory Francis Thompson, (March 28, 1947 – September 10, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1988 through 1993 and again from 1997 through 2011.

Q: What is Johnny Dangerously?
A: Johnny Dangerously is a 1984 American crime comedy movie directed by Amy Heckerling and starring Michael Keaton, Joe Piscopo, Marilu Henner, Maureen Stapleton, Peter Boyle, Griffin Dunne, Dom DeLuise, and Danny DeVito. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is PUBG Mobile?
A: PUBG Mobile is a free-to-play online battle royale game for mobile devices. It was made by LightSpeed & Quantum Studio and PUBG Studios.

Q: What is Khabarovsk Krai?
A: Khabarovsk Krai () is a federal subject (a krai) of Russia. The administrative center is the city of Khabarovsk.

Q: What is Nelumbo lutea?
A: Nelumbo lutea, also known as the American lotus, yellow lotus, or volée, is a plant in the genus Nelumbo. It is found in North America.

Q: What is Veneer?
A: Veneer is a thin covering of fine wood applied to a wood or other material. It is used to improve its aesthetic or functional properties.

Q: What is Nick Cravat?
A: Nicholas Cuccia (January 11, 1912 – January 29, 1994), known as Nick Cravat, was an Americans Cravat was born in New York City. On January 29, 1994 he died of lung cancer in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California.

Q: What is Arabesque (1966 movie)?
A: Arabesque is a 1966 American spy comedy thriller movie directed by Stanley Donen and is based on the 1961 novel The Cypher by Alex Gordon. It stars Gregory Peck, Sophia Loren and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Q: What is Nicolino Locche?
A: Nicolino Locche (September 2, 1939 &ndash; September 7, 2005) was an Argentine professional boxer from Tunuyán, Mendoza who held the World Junior Welterweight title from 1968 to 1972. Locche turned professional at the age of 19 and amassed a record of 117-4-14 (14 draws).

Q: What is Eqlid County?
A: Eqlid County () is a Central District, Sedeh District, and Hasanabad District. The county has four cities: Eqlid, Sedeh, Dezhkord & Hasanabad.

Q: What is Alpine Fire?
A: Alpine Fire () is a 1985 Swiss drama movie directed by Fredi M. Murer and starring Thomas Nock, Johanna Lier, Dorthea Moritz, Rolf Illig.

Q: What is Samsung Galaxy A12?
A: Samsung Galaxy A12 is an Android smartphone developed by Samsung, it released on November 2020. It has a Infinity-V dlsplay and 48 MP quad camera

Q: What is Nine Hours to Rama?
A: Nine Hours to Rama is a 1963 British American drama movie directed by Mark Robson and is based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Stanley Wolpert. It stars Horst Buchholz, Diane Baker, Jose Ferrer, Robert Morley and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Victory Day?
A: Victory Day (also shortened as V-Day) is a common name of many different public holidays in various countries. In most cases it is to commemorate victories in important battles or wars in the countries' history.

Q: What is Wahlenheim?
A: Wahlenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Q: What is Gary Anthony Williams?
A: Gary Anthony Williams (born March 14, 1966) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for providing the voice of Uncle Ruckus in the Adult Swim series The Boondocks and is also the voice of Beta in the Disney Channel series Hailey's On It!.

Q: What is Persistence hunting?
A: Persistence hunting is important because it is thought to have been important in earlier human societies. It is practiced today by the San people and by the Rarámari (Tarahumara) people of northwest Mexico.

Q: What is Bruce Broughton?
A: Bruce Harold Broughton (born March 8, 1945) is an American composer. He writes music for television, movie, and video games.

Q: What is Kemetism?
A: Kemetism (also called Kemeticism, Neterism, or Egyptian neopaganism) is a new religious movement that wants to revive the Ancient Egyptian religion. The movement started in the 1970s; most of its followers live in the United States, in France or in the Czech Republic.

Q: What is Placerville, California?
A: Placerville is the county seat of El Dorado County, California. The population was 10,747 at the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Flag of Christmas Island?
A: The flag of Christmas Island was adopted in 1986. It was designed by Tony Couch of Sydney, Australia.

Q: What is Metabolism?
A: (ATP), a central intermediate in energy metabolism Metabolism is the chemical reactions which keep us alive. It happens in the cells of living organisms.

Q: What is Pornainen?
A: Pornainen is a municipality in southern Finland. About 5,162 people lived there in 2013.

Q: What is Dupuytren's contracture?
A: Dupuytren's contracture (also called Dupuytren's disease, Morbus Dupuytren, Viking disease, palmar fibromatosis and Celtic hand) is a condition in which one or more fingers become permanently bent in a flexed position. It is named after Guillaume Dupuytren.

Q: What is Page replacement algorithm?
A: Certain operating systems use paging to get virtual memory. This means that a part of the hard disk or a file is used so that the applications or the operating system see more memory that is actually there.

Q: What is Boortmeerbeek?
A: Boortmeerbeek is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant. In 2007, 11561 people lived there.

Q: What is Olfen?
A: Olfen is a town in the district of Coesfeld, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. As of 2023, 13,041 people lived there.

Q: What is Haga Church?
A: The Haga Church () is an church building in the town of Gothenburg in Sweden. It belongs to Gothenburg Haga Parish of the Church of Sweden.

Q: What is Perth and Kinross?
A: Perth and Kinross (Peairt agus Ceann Rois in Gaelic) is one of 32 unitary council areas in Scotland. It borders onto the Aberdeenshire, Angus, City of Dundee, Fife, Clackmannanshire, Stirling, Argyll and Bute and Highland council areas.

Q: What is Banaruiyeh?
A: Banaruiyeh (, also Romanized as Banārū’īyeh, Banarooyeh, Banārū”īyeh, Banārūyeh, and Bonārūyeh; formerly, Fathābād) is a city and capital of Banaruiyeh District, in Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.

Q: What is Emilia Pérez?
A: Emilia Pérez is a 2024 Spanish-language French Musical movie The movie stars Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón, Selena Gomez, Adriana Paz, Mark Ivanir, and Édgar Ramírez. It is about a Mexican cartel leader who hires a lawyer to help her disappear and transitioning into a woman.

Q: What is Agriculture in Pakistan?
A: Pakistan's principal natural resources are arable land and water. About 25% of Pakistan's total land area is under cultivation, and is watered by one of the largest irrigation systems in the world.

Q: What is Jablonné nad Orlicí?
A: Jablonné nad Orlicí () is a town of the Ústí nad Orlicí District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.

Q: What is Honestly, Nevermind?
A: Honestly, Nevermind is the seventh studio album by Canadian rapper Drake. It was surprise-released on June 17, 2022, through OVO Sound and Republic.

Q: What is Sin Byung-ho?
A: Sin Byung-Ho (born 26 April 1975) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

Q: What is Hornbill?
A: s, are found on the beaks and bare skin of the face and throat The hornbills (Bucerotidae) are a family of bird found in tropical and subtropical Africa, Asia and Melanesia. They have a long, down-curved bill which is often brightly colored and sometimes has a box-like thing on the upper mandible.

Q: What is Funeral viewing?
A: A funeral viewing or body viewing is the time family and friends come to see the dead after the body has been prepared by a funeral home. the body is embalmed in order to keep the body looking as natural as possible.

Q: What is Sour (album)?
A: Sour is the first studio album by the American singer-songwriter Olivia Rodrigo. It was released on May 21, 2021 through Geffen Records.

Q: What is Mikhail Marynich?
A: Mikhail Marynich (; , 13 January 1940 — 17 October 2014) was a Belarusian opposition leader. He was from Homiel Voblast.

Q: What is Interstate 83?
A: Interstate 83 is an Interstate Highway in the United States. It goes from Baltimore, Maryland north to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

Q: What is Marty Burke?
A: Martin Alphonsos Burke (January 28, 1905 – March 7, 1968) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. Burke played 504 games in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Richard Owen?
A: Sir Richard Owen KCB (Lancaster, 20 July 1804–18 December 1892) was an English biologist, comparative anatomist and palaeontologist. Owen is probably best remembered today for coining the word Dinosauria (meaning 'Terrible Reptile'), and for his outspoken opposition to Charles Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection.

Q: What is Dolores County, Colorado?
A: Dolores County is the seventh-least populous of the 64 counties of the U.S. state of Colorado.

Q: What is Cheng Shuang?
A: Cheng Shuang (; born February 11, 1987) is a Chinese female aerial skier who took part in the 2010 Winter Olympics. Cheng won the gold medal at the 2011 FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships.

Q: What is Rock Falls, Illinois?
A: Rock Falls is a city in Illinois in the United States. There were 8,789 people living in the city, according to the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Joseph Vũ Duy Thống?
A: Joseph Vũ Duy Thống (July 2, 1952 – March 1, 2017) was a Vietnamese prelate, Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phan Thiet from July 2009 to his death and the Head of the Episcopal Committee on Cultural Affairs. He was Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ho Chi Minh city from 2001 to 2009.

Q: What is Xi Jinping?
A: Xi Jinping (; born 15 June 1953) is a Chinese politician who has been the general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and chairman of the Central Military Commission (CMC), and thus the top leader of China, since 2012. Since 2013, Xi has also served as the seventh president of China.

Q: What is Josef Musil?
A: Josef Musil (3 July 1932 – 26 August 2017) was a Czech volleyball player. He won two Olympic medals, one bronze and a silver medal, in 1964 and 1968.

Q: What is Deuel County?
A: Deuel County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Deuel County, Nebraska * Deuel County, South Dakota

Q: What is Centwine of Wessex?
A: Centwine (died 685) was King of Wessex from to 685. He appears to have been one of several underkings of Wessex after the death of Cenwalh.

Q: What is Multituberculate?
A: The multituberculates were a group of rodent-like mammals which survived for about 166 million years – the longest fossil history of any mammal line. They were eventually outcompeted by rodents, becoming extinct during the late Eocene.

Q: What is Bages?
A: Bages is a comarca in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain. The capital is the city of Manresa (province of Barcelona).

Q: What is Mr. Johnson (Sesame Street)?
A: Mr. Johnson is a character in Sesame Street.

Q: What is Prime Minister of Norway?
A: The prime minister of Norway (, literally the "minister of the state") is the head of the government of Norway and the most powerful person in Norwegian politics. The prime minister and Cabinet is almost always the leader of the majority party in the Storting, or the leader of the senior partner in the governing coalition.

Q: What is Chevrolet Bel Air?
A: The Chevrolet Bel Air is a full-size car produced for 25 years from the 1950 to 1975 model years. In 1975, it was succeeded by the Chevrolet Impala.

Q: What is Edmunds County, South Dakota?
A: Edmunds County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Dakota.

Q: What is Sumitra Mahajan?
A: Sumitra Mahajan (born 12 April 1943) is an Indian politician and 16th Speaker of the Lok Sabha from 5 June 2014 to 19 June 2019. She is a member of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party.In 2014 she got elected 8 times and she is currently the longest serving women member.

Q: What is Dearly Devoted Dexter?
A: Dearly Devoted Dexter is a 2005 book written by Jeff Lindsay. It is a sequel to the 2004 book Darkly Dreaming Dexter which the television show Dexter is based on.

Q: What is Jerry Pinkney?
A: Jerry Pinkney (December 22, 1939 &ndash; October 20, 2021) was an American illustrator and writer of children's books. Pinkney illustrated over 100 books, beginning in 1964.

Q: What is Leopold Grausam?
A: Leopold Grausam (29 June 1943 – 8 September 2023) was an Austrian retired footballer. He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien as striker.

Q: What is Stacey King?
A: Ronald Stacey King (January 29, 1967) is an American who is the current announcer with Neil Funk for the NBA's Chicago Bulls. He is known to provide nicknames for many of the Bulls players.

Q: What is Andouillé?
A: Andouillé is a commune of 2,310 people (2006). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is José Lamiel?
A: José Asensio Lamiel (29 January 1924 – 26 August 2020) was an Aragonese painter and sculptor. He was born in Calanda, Spain.

Q: What is Ukrainian National Union?
A: The Ukrainian National Union () is nationalist paramilitary political party in Ukraine. Started as a political organization in 2009 and became a political party in 2013.

Q: What is Drumstick (disambiguation)?
A: Drumstick can mean: * Drum stick, a tool for playing drums * Drumstick (vegetable) * Drumstick (ice cream), a brand of ice cream * Drumstick (poultry), the leg bone of a chicken * Drumstick (video game character), a video game character found in Diddy Kong Racing

Q: What is Bernard Stone?
A: Bernard "Berny" L. Stone (November 24, 1927 – December 22, 2014) was an American politician.

Q: What is Super Collider (album)?
A: Super Collider is an album by Megadeth. The album was recorded from December 18, 2012 until March 13, 2013.

Q: What is Caracas?
A: Caracas is the capital city of Venezuela. Santiago de León de Caracas was founded by Diego de Losada in 1567.

Q: What is 2016 Saxony-Anhalt state election?
A: { |- | | | |- ! Reiner Haseloff CDU Saxony-Anhalt Leader ! Wulf Gallert The Left Leader ! Katrin Budde SPD Saxony-Anhalt Leader |} The Saxony-Anhalt state election was held on 13 March 2016 in the German State of Saxony-Anhalt for the next composition of the Parliament of Saxony-Anhalt. The incumbent Governor is Reiner Haseloff of the CDU, governing with the SPD.

Q: What is Haruki Murakami?
A: is a Japanese author and translator. He was born on January 12, 1949 in Kyoto, Japan.

Q: What is West Lake Hills, Texas?
A: West Lake Hills is a city in Travis County, Texas, United States. establishments in Texas in Travis County, Texas

Q: What is Rob Schröder?
A: Rob Schröder (13 November 1950 – 6 July 2024) was a Dutch graphic designer and cineast. Schröder was born in Oegstgeest and grew up in Hoorn.

Q: What is Master race?
A: sculpture Die Partei (The Party) at an entrance to the Reich Chancellery in Berlin. The sculpture emphasizes Nordic racial characteristics.

Q: What is Richard Riordan?
A: Richard Joseph "Dick" Riordan (May 1, 1930 &ndash; April 19, 2023) was an American investment banker, businessman, investor and politician. He served as the 39th Mayor of Los Angeles, California from 1993 to 2001.

Q: What is Super Mario 128?
A: Super Mario 128 refers to a series of development projects that were originally to be used only to create a sequel to Super Mario 64. As debuted at Nintendo's Space World trade show in 2000, the demonstrated graphics and physics concepts were gradually incorporated into various games across many years.

Q: What is Born to Run?
A: Born to Run is the third studio album by Bruce Springsteen and released on August 25, 1975 through Columbia Records.

Q: What is Sorso?
A: Sorso (Sòssu) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 14,732 people lived there.

Q: What is Lito Cruz?
A: Oscar Alberto "Lito" Cruz (May 14, 1941 – December 19, 2017) was an Argentine stage director, playwright and actor. He was born in Berisso, Argentina.

Q: What is Caussade?
A: Caussade is a commune in the arrondissement of Montauban, located in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in the south of France.

Q: What is Burnout (vehicle)?
A: burnout. A burnout (also known as a peel out or power brake) is the practice of keeping a vehicle still (or close to) and spinning its wheels, causing the tires to heat up and smoke due to friction.

Q: What is Kerstin Meyer?
A: Kerstin Margareta Meyer (3 April 1928 – 14 April 2020) was a Swedish mezzo-soprano. She had an international career on the opera stage and concert platform.

Q: What is Quentin Bryce?
A: Dame Quentin Alice Louise Bryce (née Strachan; born 23 December 1942) was the 25th Governor-General of Australia, from September 2008 to March 2014. She was the first woman to be the Governor-General.

Q: What is WAGR G class?
A: The WAGR G class were a total of 48 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1889 to the 1960s. The wheel arrangement of the G class were originally 2-6-0s for the first 24 engines, however, the later 24 were built as 4-6-0s.

Q: What is Pop Evil?
A: Pop Evil is an American rock band. They were formed in North Muskegon, Michigan, in 2001 by Leigh Kakaty.

Q: What is Snowman?
A: A snowman is a statue of a person made of snow. Snowmen are usually made when people make three balls of snow that are different sizes.(In Japan, snowmen are made by two snowballs) They will stack the balls on top of each other to make a snowman, and stick some things in it to make it look more like a person like a scarf, pebbles, buttons and a carrot (for the nose).

Q: What is Alon Abelski?
A: Alon Alexander Abelski (born 29 May 1989) is a German-Israeli footballer who is currently playing for Sportfreunde Baumberg.

Q: What is Andromeda XIX?
A: . Andromeda XIX is a satellite galaxy of the Andromeda Galaxy, and is part of the Local Group, like the Milky Way Galaxy.

Q: What is Damián Alcázar?
A: Damián Alcázar (born January 8, 1953) is a Mexican actor and politician. He is known for playing Lord Sopespian in The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela in the Netflix series Narcos and Alberto Reyes in Blue Beetle.

Q: What is Shirley Temple (drink)?
A: A Shirley Temple is a non-alcoholic mixed drink made with lemon lime soda and a splash of ginger and grenadine, mixed with a maraschino cherry. Modern Shirley Temple recipes may substitute lemon-lime soda in part, or in whole, for ginger ale.

Q: What is Viss?
A: Viss is a village in Sárospatak District of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County. Its population in 2024 was 443.

Q: What is Tom Chaplin?
A: Thomas "Tom" Oliver Chaplin (born 8 March 1979) is the singer of the rock band Keane. He comes from Battle, East Sussex.

Q: What is Theodoros Pangalos (politician)?
A: Theodoros Pangalos (,17 August 1938- 31 May 2023) is a Greek politician. He is the leading member of the PASOK

Q: What is Eddie and the Cruisers?
A: Eddie and the Cruisers is a 1983 American musical drama movie directed by Martin Davidson and was based on the novel by P. F.

Q: What is Warren County, New Jersey?
A: Warren County is a county in the U.S. state of New Jersey.

Q: What is Controlled flight into terrain?
A: A controlled flight into terrain (CFIT, usually pronounced cee-fit) is an accident in which an airworthy aircraft, under pilot control, is unintentionally flown into the ground, a mountain, a body of water or an scenario, the crew is not aware of the situation until it is too late to stop it. The term was coined by engineers at Boeing in the late 1970s.

Q: What is Choi Jin-cheul?
A: Choi Jin-Cheul (born 26 March 1971) is a former South Korean football player. He has played for Korea Republic national team.

Q: What is 7 World Trade Center?
A: 7 World Trade Center is a building in Lower Manhattan, New York City. It is part of the new World Trade Center complex and was completed in 2006.

Q: What is Albertus Magnus?
A: Albertus Magnus, O.P. (1193/1206 – November 15, 1280), also known as Albert the Great and Albert of Cologne, is a Catholic saint.

Q: What is Jorge Sánchez García?
A: Jorge Sánchez García (8 April, 1943) is a Mexican worker and politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.

Q: What is Luxembourg Grand Prix?
A: The Luxembourg Grand Prix () was a Formula One motor race for two years in the 1990s. The FIA created the Luxembourg GP to keep a race at Nürburgring, and allow the European GP to be held in another country.

Q: What is Saif Ali Khan?
A: Saif Ali Khan (born 16 August 1970) is an Indian actor of Bollywood. He was born to Sharmila Tagore, great-grandniece of Rabindranath Tagore.

Q: What is James Hutton?
A: . The rugged point shows gently sloping beds of 345 million year old Devonian Old Red Sandstone above vertical beds of 425 million year old Silurian greywacke.

Q: What is Jean Muir?
A: Jean Elizabeth Muir CBE FCSD (/mjʊər/ MEWR; 17 July 1928 – 28 May 1995) was a famous British fashion designer.

Q: What is Adirondack Phantoms?
A: The Adirondack Phantoms are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 2009. They currently play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the Philadelphia Flyers of the NHL.

Q: What is Absolute threshold of hearing?
A: The absolute threshold of hearing (ATH) is the minimum loudness of a pure tone that an average ear with normal hearing can hear with no other sound present. The absolute threshold relates to the sound that can just be heard by the organism.

Q: What is Mrwhosetheboss?
A: Arun Rupesh Maini (born ), better known as Mrwhosetheboss, is an English YouTuber. He makes YouTube videos about technology.

Q: What is The Fighting Temptations?
A: The Fighting Temptations is a 2003 musical drama movie with Cuba Gooding Jr., and Beyoncé. musical movies drama movies movies musical movies drama movies directed by Jonathan Lynn

Q: What is Socialist Republic of Macedonia?
A: The Socialist Republic of Macedonia (), was one of the six constituent republics of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, and a nation state of the Macedonians (ethnic group) SR Macedonia was a landlocked republic in Yugoslavia, bordering Albania to the west, Greece to the south, and Bulgaria to the east. Within Yugoslavia, it bordered SR Serbia (including SAP Kosovo) to the north.

Q: What is Deaths in March 2015?
A: The following is a list of notable deaths in March 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".

Q: What is University of Tromsø?
A: University of Tromsø (UiT, "The arctic university of Norway") is a university in Norway. The main campus is in Tromsø.

Q: What is Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services?
A: The Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services (, AFSCA) was an Argentine state agency. It was created by the Audiovisual Communication Services Law as the authority in charge of enforcing law.

Q: What is Jack Ponti?
A: Giacomo Pontoriero (February 16, 1958 &ndash; October 7, 2024), better known as Jack Ponti, was an American musician, songwriter, record producer, manager, label executive, and consultant. births deaths songwriters guitarists rock guitarists chief executives from New Jersey American guitarists American musicians

Q: What is Ciro Pessoa?
A: Ciro Pessoa Mendes Corrêa (June 12, 1957 – May 5, 2020), also known by his Dharma name Tenzin Chöpel, was a Brazilian singer-songwriter, guitarist, and poet. He was known as one of the founding members of the influential rock band Titãs and for his later work with post-punk/gothic rock band Cabine C.

Q: What is Loblaw Companies?
A: Loblaw Companies is a major Canadian food retailer. Loblaws owns most mass Canadian Grocery Stores, Such as T&T Supermarket

Q: What is Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)?
A: "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)" is a single performed by American recording artist Katy Perry. It is the fifth single from her third album Teenage Dream.

Q: What is Geniocracy?
A: Geniocracy is a kind of government. In this system, very smart people, geniuses, control the country.

Q: What is Reaganomics?
A: , outlining his plan for tax reductions in July 1981 Reaganomics is a portmanteau word of Reagan and economics created by Paul Harvey. It refers to the economic policies created by U.S.

Q: What is Servants' quarters?
A: and were intended to be viewed as part of the overall facade Servants' quarters are those parts of a building, traditionally in a private house, which contain the domestic offices and staff accommodation. From the late 17th century until the late 19th/early 20th century they were a common feature in many large houses.

Q: What is I Care (Beyoncé song)?
A: "I Care" is a 2012 song by Beyoncé. It was taken from her fourth studio album 4 (2011).

Q: What is Ontario Highway 101?
A: Ontario Highway 101 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts at Highway 17 near Wawa.

Q: What is Hangu District?
A: Hangu District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Hangu is the capital.

Q: What is Galion, Ohio?
A: Galion is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio.

Q: What is Clavicle?
A: The clavicle, or collarbone, is a long bone that is part of the shoulder. It connects the arm to the main part of the body.

Q: What is Make Believe (Weezer album)?
A: Make Believe is the fifth studio album made by Weezer. It was released on 10 May, 2005 through Geffen Records and was a commercial success peaking at number 2 in the United States, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 20 in New Zealand, number 19 in Australia and number 1 in Canada.

Q: What is Froyla Tzalam?
A: Froyla Tzalam is a Belizean Mopan Maya anthropologist and community leader. It was announced on 22 April 2021 by Prime Minister of Belize John Briceno that she was nominated to be the next Governor-General of Belize.

Q: What is Gaudiempré?
A: Gaudiempré is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Bogdan Stancu?
A: Bogdan Sorin Stancu (born on 28 June 1987 in Pitești, Romania) is a Romanian association football forward and left winger who currently plays for the Turkish club Gençlerbirliği and the Romania national football team. His nickname is Motanul (meaning Tomcat).

Q: What is 2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries?
A: The Democratic Party presidential primaries of 2008 was an American political event. In various states, various Democratic candidates asked people and delegates to vote for them in primaries and caucuses.

Q: What is Persian green?
A: Persian green is a cyanish green color. Persian green is a color used in pottery and Persian carpets in Iran.

Q: What is Cecilia Elizabeth Martin-Edmunds?
A: Cecilia Elizabeth Mary Agnes Martin-Edmunds (1872 - 1947) was a British foil fencing Martin Edmunds became British national champion in 1909. She won in the summer of 1913 the international women's Fencing at the 1913 International Exposition Martin Edmunds was tall compared to Dutch and Belgian fencers.

Q: What is 19P/Borrelly?
A: Comet Borrelly is a periodic comet. Periodic comets can only be seen from earth once every few years or decades.

Q: What is Leo I (emperor)?
A: Leo I (Greek: Λέων, c. 401 - 18 January 474) Was an Eastern Roman emperor from 7 February 457 - 18 January 474.

Q: What is Princess Superstar?
A: Concetta Kirschner (born February 25, 1971), better known as Princess Superstar, is an American rapper, singer and DJ. She is best known for her hit songs "Bad Babysitter" (2001) and "Perfect" (2005).

Q: What is Megalibgwilia?
A: Megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna only known from fossils from Australia, it contains the oldest known echidna species.

Q: What is MJ Hegar?
A: Mary Jennings Hegar (Given name#Name at birth In 2017, she published the memoir Shoot Like a Girl, which talks about her service in Afghanistan. She also sued the Air Force to remove the Combat Exclusion Policy.

Q: What is Wright Electrocity?
A: The Wright Electrocity was a single-decker hybrid electric bus. It had a low-floor.

Q: What is Michael Seater?
A: Michael Bruce Patrick Seater (born January 15, 1987) is a Canadian actor who is known for his roles as "Derek Venturi" in the Canadian series Life with Derek. He is close friends with his television co-star Ashley Leggat.

Q: What is Tierra del Fuego Province, Argentina?
A: Tierra del Fuego (officially Provincia de Tierra del Fuego, Antártida e Islas del Atlántico Sur) is a province of Argentina. It is entirely separated from mainland Argentina by the Strait of Magellan.

Q: What is Coconut crab?
A: The coconut crab (Birgus latro) is a large edible land crab related to the hermit crab. Coconut crabs are found in the tropical parts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.

Q: What is Andelarre?
A: Andelarre is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Kamet?
A: Kamet is a mountain in the Himalayas range, in India. It is the 29th highest mountain in the world.

Q: What is Louisa May Alcott?
A: Louisa May Alcott (; November 29, 1832 – March 6, 1888) was an American writer. She was born at Germantown, Pennsylvania to Amos Bronson Alcott, a controversial educator.

Q: What is Blondes Have More Fun?
A: Blondes Have More Fun is the ninth studio album by Rod Stewart and was released on 24 November 1978 through Warner Bros. Records.

Q: What is Anointing?
A: Anointing is a blessing through the ritual adding of oil, chrism or fat to the head or body of a person or thing. Most religions do a version of this.

Q: What is Princess Lilibet of Sussex?
A: Princess Lilibet of Sussex (Lilibet Diana; born 4 June 2021) is the younger child and only daughter of Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex and the younger sister of Prince Archie of Sussex. She is the eleventh great-grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.

Q: What is Uraj?
A: Uraj is a former independent village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County. It has been part of Ózd since 1978.

Q: What is Lists of state leaders by age?
A: This article contains various lists of state leaders organized by age, defined as heads of state and/or heads of government.

Q: What is Tsushima Province?
A: ) with Tsushima Province highlighted was a Japanese island province off the west coast of the island of Kyushu. It was sometimes called .

Q: What is Too Low for Zero?
A: Too Low for Zero (stylised as 2 ▼ 4 0) is the seventeenth studio album by Elton John and was released on 30 May 1983. It went to number 2 in Australia and New Zealand, number 5 in Germany, number 6 in Norway, number 7 in Spain and the United Kingdom, number 17 in Canada and number 25 in the United States.

Q: What is Northampton, Western Australia?
A: Northampton is a historic town in the Mid West region of Western Australia. It is one of the state's oldest settlements outside of Perth, Western Australia

Q: What is Gujari language?
A: Gojri, also known as 'Gujari' is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Gurjars, or Gujjars of Northern Pakistan and the Republic of India. It is classified as a form or dialect of Rajasthani by the linguists.

Q: What is Mechelen?
A: Mechelen is a municipality in the south part of the Belgian province of Antwerp. In 2007, 78,900 people lived there.

Q: What is Hacavitz?
A: Hacavitz is a Mexican death metal band formed in 2003. The band took their name from the Mayan god Jacawitz.

Q: What is NXT TakeOver?
A: NXT TakeOver was a series of professional wrestling pay-per-view and livestreaming shows by WWE produced for their NXT brand. Wrestlers who have not made it to one of WWE's two main weekly TV shows, Raw or SmackDown, wrestle on NXT.

Q: What is Metacarpophalangeal joint?
A: The metacarpophalangeal joints (MCP) are between the bones in the hand at the palm called metacarpals, and the first finger bones called proximal phalanges. The palm bones have rounded ends, and the finger bone ends are shaped like caves.

Q: What is Viganello?
A: Viganello is a quarter of the city of Lugano, Switzerland. Until 2004, it was a municipality on its own.

Q: What is Ernst Kummer?
A: Ernst Eduard Kummer (born 29 January 1810, Sorau, Brandenburg; died 14 May 1893 Berlin) was a German mathematician. At first he was a school teacher, teaching in a German high school gymnasium, where he inspired the Leopold Kronecker to become a mathematician.

Q: What is Stargard?
A: Stargard Szczeciński () is a town in Pomerania, northwestern Poland. It has 71,400 inhabitants (2003).

Q: What is Kumudben Joshi?
A: Kumudben Manishankar Joshi (31 January 1934 – 14 March 2022) was an Indian politician. She was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 1973 until 1985.

Q: What is Thomas Faucheron?
A: Thomas Faucheron is an archer from France. He was born on 23 February 1990.

Q: What is Hildegard of Bingen?
A: Hildegard of Bingen (born Bemersheim nr. Alzey in about 1098; died 17 September 1179) was a German writer, composer and mystic.

Q: What is Pelagic zone?
A: The pelagic zone is the open sea or ocean that is not near the coast. The name comes from the Greek πέλαγος (pélagos), which might be translated as "open sea".

Q: What is Canberra MRT station?
A: Canberra MRT station (NS12) is an elevated Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line, located along Canberra Link in Sembawang, Singapore. The station was announced on 27 June 2014.

Q: What is My Strongest Weakness?
A: "My Strongest Weakness" is a 1992 song by country singer Wynonna Judd and is the fourth and final single from her debut studio album Wynonna. It went to number 4 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and Canadian Country Tracks chart.

Q: What is South China Sea?
A: The South China Sea is an ocean region in the south of China. It is a marginal sea of the Western Pacific Ocean; a vital area for shipping, fishing, and natural resources, and strategically important for regional security.

Q: What is J.Crew?
A: J.Crew is an American clothing and accessories retailer based in New York City. It was founded in 1983.

Q: What is Tupolev?
A: Tupolev, officially called Tupolev Joint Stock Company, is a Russian Aerospace and Military equipment company known primarily for producing aircraft. Tupolev began as the Soviet Tupolev Design Bureau, founded in 1922 by Andrei Tupolev.

Q: What is Macropod?
A: Macropods are marsupials belonging to the family Macropodidae. That family includes kangaroos, wallabies, tree-kangaroos, pademelons, quokkas and others.

Q: What is Oppo Neo 5?
A: The Oppo Neo 5 is the 3rd phone in the Oppo Neo Series. It is also known by the alias Oppo Neo 5 (4G) to distinguish it from other variants of the Neo 5 (Oppo Neo 5 (2015), Oppo Neo 5s).

Q: What is Willandra Lakes Region?
A: The Willandra Lakes Region is a World Heritage Site that covers 2,400 square kilometres in south-western New South Wales, Australia. It includes important natural and cultural features.

Q: What is UAAP Season 77?
A: UAAP Season 77 will be the 2014–2015 season of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines. It will start on May 22,2014 at the Mall of Asia Arena.

Q: What is Thriving (song)?
A: "Thriving" is a 2019 song by Mary J. Blige featuring Nas.

Q: What is Ricardo Arjona?
A: Edgar Ricardo Arjona Morales (born 19 January 1964), known as Ricardo Arjona, is a Guatemalan singer and songwriter. He is one of the most successful and best-selling Latin American artists of all time, with more than 80 million records sold.

Q: What is William H. H. Miller?
A: William Henry Harrison Miller (September 6, 1840–May 25, 1917) was an United States Born in Augusta, New York, Miller studied law in the office of Chief Justice Morrison Waite, and was admitted to the Bar (law) Miller died in 1917 in Indianapolis, Indiana, and is buried in Crown Hill Cemetery in that city.

Q: What is Twin Towers (movie)?
A: Twin Tower is a 2002 short documentary movie directed by Bill Guttentag and Robert David Port. It depicts the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center.

Q: What is Atmospheric window?
A: emitted near the surface is shown in the top panel. The individual absorption spectra of major greenhouse gases plus Rayleigh scattering are shown in the lower panel.

Q: What is Samantha Eggar?
A: Victoria Louise Samantha Marie Elizabeth Therese Eggar (5 March 1939 &ndash; 15 October 2025) was a British-American actress. She was known for her role in William Wyler's thriller The Collector (1965).

Q: What is Pitchfork?
A: A pitchfork is a tool used in farming. It is similar to a garden fork, made of metal or another hard material, with three or more pointed ends.

Q: What is Conceptual metaphor?
A: A conceptual metaphor or cognitive metaphor is a metaphor which refers to one domain (group of ideas) in terms of another. For example, treating quantity in terms of direction: #Prices are rising.

Q: What is Ochsenfurt?
A: Ochsenfurt () is a town in Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. Ochsenfurt is on the left edge of the River Main (river)

Q: What is Cumbel?
A: Cumbel was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Suraua, Vignogn, Vella, and Vrin merged into the new municipality of Lumnezia.

Q: What is Neferu I?
A: Neferu I ("the beauty") was the first queen of Ancient Egyptian Eleventh dynasty. She was a wife of the Pharaoh Mentuhotep I.

Q: What is Joey Belladonna?
A: Joey Belladonna (born Joseph Bellardini; October 13, 1960) is an American singer. He is best known as the singer for Anthrax.

Q: What is Jean Germain (politician)?
A: Jean Germain (11 September 1947 - 7 April 2015) was a French socialism In 1995 Germain was elected mayor of Tours since 1995, and president of the agglomeration community of Tours, Tour(s) Plus. Germanin committed suicide by shooting himself in the head in Tours, France, aged 67.

Q: What is Dinis Incanha?
A: brigadier general who led the 2025 Guinea-Bissau coup d'état becoming the Spokesperson of the High Military Command for the Restoration of National Security and Public Order and De facto President of Guinea-Bissau. Before the coup, he was the head of the military office of the presidency.

Q: What is Casarejos?
A: Casarejos is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain. in Castile and León in Soria

Q: What is Blitzingen?
A: Blitzingen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Goms and the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Q: What is Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power?
A: Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power: A Critical Global Assessment of Atomic Energy is a 2011 book by Benjamin K. Sovacool, published by World Scientific.

Q: What is Falkirk Council?
A: The Falkirk council area is one of 32 council areas of Scotland. It was formed on 1 April 1996.

Q: What is Plasma?
A: Plasma could mean: * Plasma (physics), a state of matter * Blood plasma * Cytoplasm * Plasma display

Q: What is János Dalmati?
A: János Dalmati (26 February 1942 &ndash; 29 September 2020) was a Hungarian racewalker. He competed in the Athletics at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 kilometres walk Dalmati died on 29 September 2020 in Budapest, aged 78.

Q: What is Emilia-Romagna (Chamber of Deputies constituency)?
A: Emilia-Romagna is a constituency of Italy. It represents the Emilia-Romagna region.

Q: What is Randy Edelman?
A: Randy Edelman (born June 10, 1947) is an American musician, music producer, composer and conductor for film and television.

Q: What is Vugar Gashimov?
A: Vugar Gashimov (24 July 1986 &ndash; 11 January 2014) was a leading chess Grandmaster (chess) Gashimov was a noted player of bullet chess (2/3 minutes a side), and three times Azerbaijani national chess champion (1995, 1996 and 1998). He won at Athens 2005 (Acropolis International).

Q: What is Rodrigo Paz?
A: Rodrigo Paz Pereira (born 22 September 1967) is a Bolivian politician who has been the 68th President of Bolivia since 2025. He is the oldest son of former president Jaime Paz Zamora.

Q: What is Simon Helberg?
A: Simon Maxwell Helberg (born December 9, 1980) is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He is best known for his role as Howard Wolowitz in the sitcom The Big Bang Theory.

Q: What is 1924 France–Czechoslovakia women's athletics match?
A: The 1924 France–Czechoslovakia women's athletics match was an international women's athletics match where a national team of female French athletes competed against a national team of Czechosolvak athletes. It took place on 14 September 1924 at Stade Pershing in Paris, France.

Q: What is Arab Nationalist Guard?
A: The Arab Nationalist Guard is a secularist militant group from Syria. The group's ideology is Arabism and does not involve in sectarian, ethnic, and religious conflict.

Q: What is David Holford?
A: David Anthony Jerome Holford (16 April 1940 – 30 May 2022), was a Barbadian cricketer who played in first-class cricket for Barbados from 1960/61 until 1978/79; and in Test cricket for the West Indies from 1966 to 1977. An all-rounder, he batted right-handed and bowled right arm leg breaks.

Q: What is Call of Duty?
A: Advanced Warfare: Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is a first person shooter video game. It was developed by Sledgehammer Games.

Q: What is App Store?
A: App Store means "Application Store" and means a method of online shopping for software, including mobile apps. It may be a mobile app itself, or a website: *Google Play, for the Android system (was Android Market) *App Store (iOS), for the iPhone and iPad *Mac App Store, for the macOS operating system *Amazon Appstore, for Google's Android *Several other digital distribution platforms

Q: What is Christmas 1994 nor'easter?
A: The Christmas 1994 nor'easter was a strong cyclone along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It developed from an area of low pressure in the southeast Gulf of Mexico near the Florida Keys, and moved across the state of Florida.

Q: What is Gonzalo Aguirre Ramírez?
A: Gonzalo Aguirre Ramírez (January 25, 1940 – April 27, 2021) was a Uruguayan politician, lawyer, and newspaper columnist. He was Vice President of Uruguay from 1990 to 1995.

Q: What is Harvest Moon 64?
A: Harvest Moon 64, known in Japan as is a farm simulation video game made by Victor Interactive Software and published in North America by Natsume Co., Ltd. It is about a farmer who has to build a great farm before three years are up.

Q: What is Deductive reasoning?
A: Deduction is one of the two main types of reasoning. The other is induction.

Q: What is Kutchi language?
A: Kutchi or Kachchi is a language and is spoken in regions such as Kutch, India and Sindh, Pakistan. Over 50,000 people spoke it in 1998.

Q: What is Henri Hérouin?
A: Henri Louis Hérouin, Sr. was an archer from France.

Q: What is Amorite language?
A: Amorite was a Semitic language. It was spoken in the Bronze Age by tribes in the Near East.

Q: What is Metro-North Railroad?
A: The Metro-North Commuter Railroad, or Metro-North, is a suburban commuter rail service in New York. It is run by the New York City Transit subways and buses, and the Long Island Rail Road.

Q: What is J2 League?
A: The or simply J2 is the second division of the and the second level of the Japanese association football league system. The top tier is represented by the J1 League.

Q: What is Dehumanization?
A: Dehumanization is the act of denying that a person is fully human, or treating a person like they are not fully human. Dehumanization makes it easier for people to be cruel to others, and inflict suffering.

Q: What is Congress of the Philippines?
A: The Congress of the Philippines () is the national legislature of the Philippines. It is made of the Senate (upper chamber), and the House of Representatives of the Philippines The Senate is made of 24 senators half of which are elected every three years.

Q: What is Tom Banton?
A: Thomas Banton is a cricketer from England. Banton plays for the England cricket team.

Q: What is Andreas Isaksson?
A: Jan Andreas Isaksson (; born 3 October 1981) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

Q: What is Edward G. Robinson?
A: Edward G. Robinson (born Emanuel Goldenberg; December 12, 1893 &ndash; January 26, 1973) was a Romanian-American actor.

Q: What is A Farewell to Arms (1957 movie)?
A: A Farewell to Arms is a 1957 World War I romantic drama movie. It was directed by Charles Vidor.

Q: What is Survivor (American TV series)?
A: Survivor is an American reality television game show. It came from the Swedish show Expedition Robinson, made in 1997 by Charlie Parsons, and first shown in May 2000.

Q: What is Joost van der Westhuizen?
A: Joost van der Westhuizen (20 February 1971 &ndash; 6 February 2017) was a South African former rugby union player. He played as a scrum-half for the national team.

Q: What is The Boss Baby?
A: The Boss Baby is a 2017 American computer-animated comedy family movie produced by DreamWorks Animation for 20th Century Fox and on the book of the same name by Marla Frazee. The movie is directed by Tom McGrath.

Q: What is Julija Matej?
A: Julija Matej was a athlete from Serbia. Matej competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Shingo Kumabayashi?
A: Shingo Kumabayashi (born 23 June 1981) is a retired Japanese football player. He used to play for Thespa Kusatsu.

Q: What is Alfred Jewel?
A: The Alfred Jewel is a small piece of Anglo-Saxon goldsmith's work made of enamel and quartz enclosed in gold. It was discovered in 1693, in North Petherton, Somerset, England, and is now one of the most popular exhibits at the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford.

Q: What is Jonathan Gledhill?
A: Jonathan Michael Gledhill (14 February 1949 – 1 November 2021) was an English Anglican clergyman. He was the Bishop of Southampton from 1996 to 2003, and the Bishop of Lichfield from 2003 to 2015.

Q: What is Nahum Korzhavin?
A: , 2012 Nahum (Naum) Moiseyevich Korzhavin (; real surname Mandel, ; 14 October 1925 – 22 June 2018) was a Russian-American poet. He was born in Kiev of Jewish descent, He worked and lived in Boston, Massachusetts during most of his career.

Q: What is Citi Trends?
A: companies of the United States establishments in the United States Citi Trends is an American retail clothing chain. It sells discounted products targeted primarily at African-American customers.

Q: What is Saint-Saturnin, Cher?
A: Saint-Saturnin is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France.

Q: What is 2025 Bukavu offensive?
A: The 2025 Bukavu offensive was a military operation done by M23 rebels in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). It focused on the capture of Bukavu, the provincial capital of South Kivu.

Q: What is Southend-on-Sea?
A: Southend-on-Sea is a city and unitary authority borough in the East of England. It is a seaside resort in the south-eastern corner of the county of Essex.

Q: What is Stephen J. Cannell?
A: Stephen Joseph Cannell (February 5, 1941 &ndash; September 30, 2010) was an American television producer, writer, author, and occasional actor, and the founder of Stephen J. Cannell Productions.

Q: What is José López Portillo?
A: José Guillermo Abel López Portillo y Pacheco, (; 16 June 1920 – 17 February 2004) was a Mexican lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).

Q: What is Tropical Storm Fay (2002)?
A: Tropical Storm Fay was the sixth tropical storm of the 2002 Atlantic hurricane season. Fay affected Texas and northern Mexico.

Q: What is Inter Lions SC?
A: Inter Lions Soccer Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Concord, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One.

Q: What is Mamie Smith?
A: Mamie Smith (born Mamie Robinson; May 26, 1883 – September 16, 1946) was an American vaudeville singer, dancer and pianist. She appeared in several movies.

Q: What is Welsh people?
A: The Welsh are people from Wales, a country in the United Kingdom. Welsh people speak two languages, Welsh and English.

Q: What is David Dinkins?
A: David Norman Dinkins (July 10, 1927 &ndash; November 23, 2020) was an American politician and activist. He served as the 106th Mayor of New York City from January 1, 1990 through December 31, 1993.

Q: What is Malmö FF?
A: Malmö FF is an association football club in the town of Malmö in Sweden. The club was established on 24 February 1910.

Q: What is Yulian Sokhotski?
A: Yulian Karol Sokhotski (February 2, 1842, Warsaw, Congress Poland, Russian Empire – December 14, 1927, Leningrad, Soviet Union) was a Polish-Russian mathematician. births deaths academics from Warsaw mathematicians mathematicians

Q: What is STP 500?
A: The STP 500 is a NASCAR Cup Series race. It is held every spring at Martinsville Speedway, It was first run in 1950 and held in conjunction with the Camping World Truck Series race the previous day.

Q: What is Mohawk River?
A: The Mohawk River is a river in the U.S. state of New York.

Q: What is Fannin County?
A: Fannin County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Fannin County, Georgia * Fannin County, Texas

Q: What is Philip Carey?
A: Philip Carey (born Eugene Joseph Carey, July 15, 1925February 6, 2009) was an American actor. He was born in Hackensack, New Jersey.

Q: What is Pannotia?
A: Pannotia (also called Greater Gondwanaland or the Vendian supercontinent) is a Neoproterozoic supercontinent. It may have existed during the Ediacaran period (~600 mya), to the end of the Precambrian (about 541 mya).

Q: What is Independent record label?
A: An independent record label is a company which musicians can use to make and sell records. These companies are different from major record labels because they are smaller and don't operate under any major businesses.

Q: What is 21st Century Breakdown?
A: 21st Century Breakdown is the eighth studio album by the punk rock band Green Day. It is the band's second rock opera, following American Idiot, and its first record to be produced by Butch Vig.

Q: What is Typhoon Nancy?
A: Super Typhoon Nancy had extremely intense winds near 215 miles an hour, giving her the strongest recorded winds of any tropical cyclone. It happened September 1961.

Q: What is Fondremand?
A: Fondremand is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Chemist?
A: A chemist is a scientist who studies chemistry. In England, it can also mean a pharmacist (person who dispenses prescription medication).

Q: What is Cernusco sul Naviglio?
A: Cernusco sul Naviglio is a city in northern Italy. Cernusco sul Naviglio is in the Lombardy Region.

Q: What is OnePlus 8?
A: The OnePlus 8 and OnePlus 8 Pro are flagship smartphones developed by OnePlus. They were presented on 14 April 2020.

Q: What is Life Left to Go?
A: Life Left to Go is an album by alternative rock band SafetySuit. It was released in the summer of 2008.

Q: What is Mackinac Bridge?
A: The Mackinac Bridge is a suspension bridge in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Q: What is Carlo Bonomi?
A: Carlo Bonomi (12 March 1937 – 6 August 2022) was an Italian actor and clown. He was best known for his work as the voice of Mr.

Q: What is Weißdorf?
A: Weißdorf is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Saale River.

Q: What is The Creation (Haydn)?
A: The Creation is an oratorio by Joseph Haydn which some consider his masterpiece. As the name suggests, the work celebrates the creation of the world as described in the Book of Genesis.

Q: What is Ray LaHood?
A: Raymond H. "Ray" LaHood (born December 6, 1945) is an American politician.

Q: What is Jack Noseworthy?
A: Jack Evan Noseworthy Jr. is an American actor known for his roles in Event Horizon, U-571, Barb Wire, and Killing Kennedy.

Q: What is Champion (1949 movie)?
A: Champion is a 1949 American drama movie directed by Mark Robson and was based on the short story by Ring Lardner. It stars Kirk Douglas, Marilyn Maxwell, Arthur Kennedy, Paul Stewart, Lola Albright, Ruth Roman, Luis van Rooten and was distributed by United Artists.

Q: What is Paimiut, Alaska?
A: Paimiut is a small town located in Alaska by the Yukon River. It has a population of 2, of which has declined since the 2000s.

Q: What is Victoria, Gozo?
A: Victoria (, meaning "the city Victoria"), also known among the native Maltese as Rabat (which is the name of the old town centre) or by its title Città Victoria, is the capital city of Gozo, the second largest island of Malta. The city has a total population of 6,901 (as of March 2014).

Q: What is Pepe Oneto?
A: José Manuel Oneto Revuelta (14 March 1942 – 7 October 2019), better known as Pepe Oneto, was a Spanish journalist and writer. He was one of the greatest journalists during the Spanish transition to democracy.

Q: What is Pope Adeodatus I?
A: Pope Adeodatus I (570 – 8 November 618), also called Deodatus I or Deusdedit, was Pope from 19 October 615 to his death in 618. deaths from Rome popes saints of birth unknown

Q: What is Jack Harris?
A: Jack Harris (born September 18, 1941) is a broadcaster. He is the studio host for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Radio Network and a play-by-play voice for the Tampa Bay Storm and the Outback Bowl.

Q: What is Southgate tube station?
A: Southgate is a London Underground Piccadilly Line station. It is in Southgate, between Arnos Grove and Oakwood stations.

Q: What is Emerson College?
A: Emerson College is a private college in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. It also has campuses in Los Angeles and Well, Limburg, Netherlands.

Q: What is Temecula, California?
A: Temecula is a city in southwestern Riverside County, California, United States. It has a population of 110,003 during the incorporated on December 1, 1989.

Q: What is Hunter Tylo?
A: Deborah Jo Hunter (also known as Hunter Tylo; born July 3, 1962, in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American actress. She works mostly in television soap operas.

Q: What is Lodhran Tehsil?
A: Lodhran is the chief city of Lodhran District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is at 29°31'60N 71°37'60E.

Q: What is Mannophryne yustizi?
A: The Yacambu poison frog or Yacambú collared frog (Mannophryne yustizi) is a frog. It lives on Tobago Island and Little Tobago Island in Trinidad and Tobago.

Q: What is The Scarlet Empress?
A: The Scarlet Empress is a 1934 American romantic historical drama movie directed by Josef von Sternberg and starring Marlene Dietrich, John Lodge, Sam Jaffe, C. Aubrey Smith, Louise Dresser, Olive Tell, Erville Alderson.

Q: What is Best Thing I Never Had?
A: "Best Thing I Never Had" is a 2011 song by Beyoncé and is the second single from her fourth studio album 4. It went to number 1 in Croatia and South Korea and went to the top 30 in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Japan, New Zealand, Portugal, Scotland, Slovakia, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States.

Q: What is Dewey County, South Dakota?
A: Dewey County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Dakota.

Q: What is Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco?
A: Marshal Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco () (20 September 1897 – 18 July 1967) was a Brazilian military leader and politician. He served as the first President of the Brazilian military government after the 1964 military coup d'etat.

Q: What is Serginho Chulapa?
A: Serginho Chulapa (born 23 December 1953) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Q: What is Silent Witnesses?
A: Silent Witnesses () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Aleksandr Chargonin, Aleksandr Kheruvimov, and Dora Chitorina.

Q: What is Vanves?
A: Vanves is a commune that is found in the Hauts-de-Seine department in France. In 2017, 27,729 people lived there.

Q: What is The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
A: . The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a science fiction comedy series by Douglas Adams.

Q: What is Muhammad's wives?
A: Eleven women were confirmed to be married to the Islamic prophet Muhammad. Muslims use the term Umm al-Mu'minin (Arabic: أم ٱلْمُؤْمِنِين; meaning 'Mother of the Believers' from :en:Quran_33:6

Q: What is The Fool (Tarot card)?
A: , the Fool is depicted as a ragged vagabond. The Fool or The Jester ("Il Matto" in Italian) is one of the 78 cards in a Tarot deck.

Q: What is Marjory Saunders?
A: Marjory Saunders was a Canadian archer from Great Britain. She was born on 10 March 1913 in Sussex and died on 26 November 2010 in Maple Ridge, British Columbia.

Q: What is Origin of water on Earth?
A: The origin of water on Earth is only barely known. All life on Earth needs water, and most types of life started in the sea.

Q: What is Agricultural fencing?
A: Agricultural fencing is a type of fence that is often used in agriculture. Fencing is often used to help control livestock on farms.

Q: What is Infinite Jest?
A: Infinite Jest is a book by the American author David Foster Wallace. It was published in 1996.

Q: What is Tarzan the Ape Man?
A: Tarzan the Ape Man is a 1932 jungle adventure Tarzan movie. It is based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' book Tarzan of the Apes.

Q: What is Tamakeri?
A: using her knee to hit a man in the testicles Tamakeri (玉蹴り) (literally ball kicking) or ballbusting is one of many more specific sexual fetishes in the BDSM community. Somebody with this fetish enjoys either hitting a person in the testicles, or being hit in the testicles.

Q: What is Nicholas Cheong Jin-suk?
A: Nicholas Cheong Jin-suk (; 7 December 1931 – 27 April 2021) was a South Korean Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Seoul from 1998 until he retired in 2012.

Q: What is Aquarius (constellation)?
A: Aquarius is a constellation of the zodiac. It sits between Capricornus and Pisces.

Q: What is Laura Dahlmeier?
A: Laura Dahlmeier (; 22 August 1993 – 28 July 2025) was a German biathlete. In 2014, she took part in the Winter Olympics in Sochi.

Q: What is World War II in the Balkans?
A: The Balkan region in World War II, had Yugoslavia, Greece, Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria, and other countries participate on both the allied and axis side.

Q: What is Sweet Talker (Jessie J album)?
A: Sweet Talker is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Jessie J. It was released on 13 October 2014, by Lava Records and Island Records.

Q: What is Patricia M. Derian?
A: Patricia Murphy "Patt" Derian (August 12, 1929 &ndash; May 20 2016) was an American civil rights and human rights activist. She was born in New York City, but was raised in Danville, Virginia.

Q: What is The Turn of the Screw?
A: The Turn of the Screw is a horror novel by Henry James. It was published in 1898.

Q: What is Miriam Pawel?
A: Miriam Pawel is an American journalist and writer. She is a contributing opinion editor at the New York Times.

Q: What is Choi Kyu-hah?
A: Choi Kyu-hah (July 16, 1919 – October 22, 2006) (also spelled Choi Kyu-ha) was the President of South Korea between 1979 and 1980. He was born in the town of Wonju, in Gangwon Province.

Q: What is Cosmopolitan?
A: Cosmopolitan is a word reportedly made by ancient Greek philosopher Diogenes of Sinope. The word has two parts – cosmos and politics.

Q: What is JavaServer Pages?
A: JavaServer Pages (JSP java) is a programming language used by server applications. It was created by Sun Microsystems.

Q: What is Kuch Toh Log Kahenge?
A: Kuch Toh Log Kahenge is an Indian soap opera television program. It airs on Sony TV.

Q: What is Hanumangarh Assembly constituency?
A: Hanumangarh Assembly constituency is one of constituencies of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly in the Ganganagar (Lok Sabha constituency). Hanumangarh Constituency covers all voters from part of Hanumangarh tehsil, which includes ILRC Hanumangarh including Hanumangarh Municipal Board, ILRC Ronawali,ILRC Pucca Sarnan, IIRC Fatehgarh, ILRC Lakhuwali and ILRC Norangdesar.

Q: What is Prince Edward Islands?
A: The Prince Edward Islands are two islands in the subantarctic Indian Ocean. They are part of South Africa.

Q: What is Metlink?
A: :This article is about the Melbourne public transport network. The same name is also used for public transport in Wellington.

Q: What is Darryl Sutton?
A: Darryl Sutton (27 July 1952 &ndash; 28 January 2017) was an Australian rules footballer. He played for North Melbourne, Richmond and the Sydney Swans in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

Q: What is Novikov self-consistency principle?
A: The Novikov self-consistency principle, also known as the Novikov self-consistency conjecture and Larry Niven's law of conservation of history is an idea made up by Russian physicist Igor Dmitriyevich Novikov in the 1980's. Novikov made it to solve the problem of paradoxes in time travel.

Q: What is Tôn Đức Thắng?
A: Tôn Đức Thắng (August 20, 1888 – March 30, 1980) was the second and last president of North Vietnam and the first president of the reunified Vietnam. He was president, initially of North Vietnam from September 2, 1969, and later of a united Vietnam, until his death in 1980.

Q: What is Dry Drayton?
A: Dry Drayton is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. It is about 5 miles (8 kilometres) northwest of Cambridge.

Q: What is Tiberias Ancient Jewish Cemetery?
A: The Tiberias Ancient Jewish Cemetery is one of the oldest cemeteries in Israel. It has been used for thousands of years as a burial place for many people, including prominent figures of importance to Jewish heritage.

Q: What is Leo Sayer?
A: Gerard Hugh "Leo" Sayer (born 21 May 1948) is an English-born pop singer. He was born in Shoreham-by-Sea near the city of Brighton and Hove, England, on 21 May 1948.

Q: What is Azlan Shah of Perak?
A: Sultan Azlan Muhibbuddin Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Yussuff Izzuddin Shah Ghafarullahu-lah, GCB, KStJ (19 April 1928 – 28 May 2014) was the ninth Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia. He was the Yang di-Pertuan Agong from 26 April 1989 to 25 April 1994.

Q: What is Love & Hip Hop?
A: Hollywood: Love & Hip Hop: Hollywood is the third installment of the Love & Hip Hop reality television franchise. It premiered on September 15, 2014 on VH1 and chronicles the lives of several people in the Hollywood area, involved with hip hop music.

Q: What is Matilda (novel)?
A: Matilda is a classic children’s novel by Roald Dahl, published in 1988 by Jonathan Cape and adapted into a movie in 1996. The story is about a brilliant five-year-old girl with extraordinary powers, who uses her genius to take revenge on her abusive parents, and later to fight back against the tyrannical principal of her school.

Q: What is WAGR Os class?
A: The WAGR Os class were a total of 5 experimental steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1915 to 1937. The Os class were the result of superheated boilers being fitted to Nos.

Q: What is Shō Hashi?
A: Shō Hashi (1372 – 1439) was a king of Chūzan. Chūzan was one of three kingdoms on the Pacific island of Okinawa at the time, along with Sannan and Sanhoku.

Q: What is Reptiles (magazine)?
A: Reptiles is a monthly magazine. It is published in Irvine, California.

Q: What is Cristiane Brasil?
A: Cristiane Brasil Francisco, commonly known as Cristiane Brasil (born 21 December 1973), is a Brazilian lawyer and politician. She was a member of the Brazilian Labor Party (PTB).

Q: What is Qingjiang biota?
A: The Qingjiang biota is a recently discovered treasure-trove of fossils. This lagerstätte of Cambrian period fossils is in China.

Q: What is Bronisław Dankowski?
A: Bronisław Dankowski (22 August 1944 – 2 December 2020) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Sejm from 1997 to 2005.

Q: What is 1956-57 Austrian football championship?
A: The 1956-57 Austrian football championship was organized was organized by the Austrian Football Association. The Staatsliga B served as the lower tier of the Staatsliga A.

Q: What is Bollsta IK?
A: Bollsta IK is a sports club in Bollstabruk in Sweden. It was established in 1912.

Q: What is John J. Lloyd?
A: John J. Lloyd (1922 &ndash; October 4, 2014) was an American art director and production designer.

Q: What is Hylodes magalhaesi?
A: The São Paulo tree toad (Hylodes magalhaesi) is a frog. It lives in São Paulo and Minas Gerais in Brazil.

Q: What is Clement Isong?
A: Clement Nyong Isong, CFR (20 April 1920 – 29 May 2000) was a Nigerian banker and politician who was governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria when General Yakubu Gowon ruled Nigeria.

Q: What is Trinidadian and Tobagonian Americans?
A: Trinidadian and Tobagonian Americans are a group of Americans of full or partial Trinidadian and Tobagonian origin or descent. groups in the United States

Q: What is Fiscal conservatism?
A: Fiscal conservatism is one of the main factors that mark the difference between conservatives and progressives. It says it is necessary to reduce government spending in order to achieve a balanced budget.

Q: What is Langnau im Emmental?
A: Langnau im Emmental ('Langnau in the Emmental') is a small village in the Emmental, in the canton of Bern. It is by the river Ilfis between the cities of Bern and Luzern.

Q: What is Rouilly-Saint-Loup?
A: Rouilly-Saint-Loup is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France. in Aube

Q: What is Robin Schulz?
A: Robin Schulz (born 28 April 1987 in Osnabrück) is a German DJ and record producer. In 2014, he released the first single from his debut album, a remix of "Waves" by Mr.

Q: What is New-York Historical Society?
A: , 1768. Collection of the New-York Historical Society The New-York Historical Society is an American history museum and library located in New York City.

Q: What is Oruge tree frog?
A: The Oruge tree frog (Litoria modica) is a frog from the island of New Guinea. Scientists saw it in between 1500 and 2000 meters above sea level in the mountains in the middle of Papua New Guinea and the Owen Stanley Mountains, but they did not see it on the Huon Peninsula.

Q: What is Antoine Muylaert?
A: Antoine Muylaert commonly known as Toon Muylaert (17 January 1931 – 12 November 2024) was a Belgian politician. He was a member of Christian Social Party.

Q: What is Julius Chan?
A: Sir Julius Chan (29 August 1939 – 30 January 2025) was a Papua New Guinean politician. He was the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea from 1980 to 1982 and from 1994 to 1997.

Q: What is Vardø?
A: Vardø is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 1,897 people lived there.

Q: What is Höfen, Thun?
A: Höfen bei Thun was a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Höfen, Niederstocken and Oberstocken merged into the new municipality of Stocken-Höfen.

Q: What is Bielefelder Alm?
A: Bielefelder Alm () is a football stadium in Bielefeld, Germany. The stadium, which has a capacity of 26,515, is owned by the football club DSC Arminia Bielefeld and mostly used for the club's matches.

Q: What is Kolë Berisha?
A: Kolë Berisha (; 26 October 1947 – 29 August 2021) was a Kosovo politician. He was the Chair of Assembly of Kosovo from March 2006 to 2007.

Q: What is Toquerville, Utah?
A: Toquerville is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States. establishments in Utah Territory in Washington County, Utah

Q: What is Glossy-mantled manucode?
A: The glossy-mantled manucode (Manucodia ater) is a medium-sized bird of paradise, around 42cm long, glossed green, blue and purple black with a red iris, black bill, long tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers. They can be found in the lowlands of New Guinea and nearby islands.

Q: What is Courseulles-sur-Mer?
A: Courseulles-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Turkish lira?
A: The Turkish lira (Currency sign: (until 1 March 2012: TL); ; ISO 4217: TRY) is the currency of Turkey and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (recognised only by Turkey). The Turkish lira is subdivided into 100 kuruş.

Q: What is Vijaya Kumaranatunga?
A: Kovilage Anton Vijaya Kumaranatunga (; 9 October 1945 – 16 February 1988) was a popular Sri Lankan movie actor and politician. He was married to former Sri Lankan president Chandrika Kumaratunga from 1978 until his assassination in 1988.

Q: What is Robert de Zouche Hall?
A: Sir Robert de Zouche Hall, GCMG (27 April 1904 – 19 March 1995) was an English colonial governor. He served in Sierra Leone and Tanganyika.

Q: What is Aileen Baviera?
A: Aileen San Pablo Baviera (August 26, 1959 – March 21, 2020) was a Filipino political scientist and sinology Baviera died of pneumonia caused by the COVID-19 virus in the early morning of March 21, 2020 at heart attack in 2018, Baviera left after three surviving children, Vita Amalya (born 1985), Mara Yasmin (born 1986) and Jorge Vittorio (born 1991).

Q: What is Smithsonite?
A: Smithsonite is a mineral. It contains zinc carbonate, ZnCO3.

Q: What is Reconvilier?
A: Reconvilier is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Doing Things Media?
A: Doing Things Media (DTM) is a media company that makes content on pop culture and humor. It was co-founded in 2017 by Reid Hailey and Derek Lucas in Atlanta.

Q: What is Jean Carlo Witte?
A: Jean Carlo Witte (born 24 September 1977) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Shonan Bellmare.

Q: What is Seth Moulton?
A: Seth Wilbur Moulton (born October 24, 1978) is an American former Marine Corps officer and a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Massachusetts's 6th congressional district since 2015. Moulton served in the Marine Corps during the early years of the Iraq War.

Q: What is Rolf Jahn?
A: Rolf Jahn (8 October 1927 - 3 May 2001) was a German goalkeeper. Rolf competed in match for the East Germany national team in 1957.

Q: What is Drizzle?
A: Drizzle is the name given to light rain. The drop size of drizzle is smaller than that of rain, about 0.5&nbsp;mm (millimeters) in diameter.

Q: What is Bavincourt?
A: Bavincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Democratic backsliding?
A: Democratic backsliding is a slow change in government toward autocracy in which the use of political power is more likely to be limited or becomes less likely to produce change. The process typically restricts the ability for the public to challenge politics, and it restricts participation in the process of government selection.

Q: What is Palate?
A: The palate is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals. It separates the oral cavity (mouth) from the nasal cavity.

Q: What is The Lady (1925 movie)?
A: The Lady is a 1925 American silent drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and starring Norma Talmadge, Wallace MacDonald, Brandon Hurst, Paulette Duval, Emily Fitzroy, Johnny Fox, Alfred Goulding, George Hackathorne. It was distributed by First National Pictures.

Q: What is Lamnidae?
A: The Lamnidae are the family of Greek word lamna, which means "fish of prey", and was derived from the Greek legendary creature, the Lamia.

Q: What is Metre (disambiguation)?
A: Metre or meter is a unit of measurement of length in the metric system. Metre or meter could also mean:

Q: What is Emetophobia?
A: Emetophobia is the fear of vomiting or seeing vomiting in public. The phobia is also related to fears of nausea.

Q: What is Basic Economics?
A: Basic Economics is a non-fiction book by American economist Thomas Sowell, published by Basic Books in 2000. The first edition was subtitled A Citizen's Guide to the Economy, but from the third edition in 2007 onwards it was subtitled A Common Sense Guide to the Economy.

Q: What is Movement (music)?
A: Long pieces of classical music are often divided into movements. They are like different sections of the piece.

Q: What is SR Class 2Wim?
A: 2Wim was the designation given, by Southern Railway (SR), to a small fleet of electric multiple units, dedicated for use on the West Croydon to Wimbledon Line. None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class.

Q: What is Brandy & Mr. Whiskers?
A: Brandy & Mr. Whiskers is an American animated television series from Disney Channel.

Q: What is French First Republic?
A: The French First Republic was formed on 22 September 1792, by the newly made National Convention. The First Republic lasted until the First French Empire in 1804 under Napoleon&nbsp;I.

Q: What is Miguel Luque Avila?
A: Miguel Luque Avila (born September 21, 1976 in Granollers, Barcelona) is a swimmer from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is an S5 type swimmer.

Q: What is Bella Ramsey?
A: Isabella May Ramsey (born September 2003) is an English actor. They are known for their roles as young noblewoman Lyanna Mormont in the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones (2016–2019) and as Ellie in the HBO post-apocalyptic drama series The Last of Us (TV series) Ramsey identifies as non-binary.

Q: What is Lam, Bavaria?
A: Lam is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany. It is within the scenic valley of the Lamer Winkel.

Q: What is Kempston?
A: Kempston is a town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England. As of 2001, 19,440 people lived in Kempston.

Q: What is Maryhill, Washington?
A: Maryhill is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Klickitat County, Washington, United States. At the 2020 United States census, 55 people lived here.

Q: What is Palestinian Scout Association?
A: Palestinian Scouts on Christmas Eve in front of the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem. The Palestinian Scout Association (, Jim'yat-e Al-kashafat Walmirshidat Al-falastinit) is the organization responsible for the Scout movement in Palestine.

Q: What is Maywood, California?
A: Maywood is a small city in Bell on the south, Vernon on the north and west, Huntington Park on the southwest, and Commerce on the east. It is the most densely-populated city in California, and has the highest proportion of Latinos, immigrants, and undocumented immigrants in the county.

Q: What is Sarracenia purpurea?
A: Sarracenia purpurea is a type of carnivorous plant. It is commonly called the purple pitcher plant, northern pitcher plant, turtle socks, or side-saddle flower.

Q: What is Hiroshi Michinaga?
A: Hiroshi Michinaga is an archer from Japan. He was born on 8 October 1956.

Q: What is The Fairly OddParents?
A: The Fairly OddParents is an American animated comedy television series. It was created by Butch Hartman in 2001 for the Nickelodeon cable television network.

Q: What is Margit Sandemo?
A: Margit Sandemo (, 23 April 1924 – 1 September 2018) was a Norwegian-Swedish author. She had been the best-selling author in the Nordic Countries since the 1980s, when her novel series of 47 books, The Legend of the Ice People, was published.

Q: What is Sharpening the Sycthe?
A: Sharpening the Scythe is an oil painting by Eastman Johnson. It dates back to 1865.

Q: What is Percomorpha?
A: The Percomorpha (from Latin perca 'perch', and Ancient Greek μορφή (morphḗ) 'shape, appearance') are a large clade of ray-finned fish. It includes the tunas, seahorses, gobies, cichlids, flatfish, wrasses, perches, anglerfish, and pufferfish.

Q: What is Baja California Sur?
A: Baja California Sur is a state in northwest Mexico. It is on the Baja California peninsula.

Q: What is ESPN?
A: ESPN is an American sports television network owned by ESPN, Inc., a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company which owns 80% and ESPN Inc. which owns 20%.

Q: What is Menelaus?
A: Menelaus (, Menelaos - "wrath of the people") is one of the central figures in Homer's Iliad and a hero of the Trojan War. He was the son of King Atreus and Queen Aerope of Mycenae, and the brother of Agamemnon.

Q: What is Olfactory receptor?
A: Olfactory receptors are receptors found in the cell membranes of olfactory receptor neurons. They are responsible for detecting odorants.

Q: What is Autobiography of Mark Twain?
A: The Autobiography of Mark Twain or Mark Twain’s Autobiography is a book by Mark Twain, (the pen name of Samuel Langhorne Clemens). It has many stories about his life in it.

Q: What is Julio César Turbay Ayala?
A: Julio César Turbay Ayala (18 June 1916 – 13 September 2005) was the 25th President of Colombia from 1978 to 1982.

Q: What is MSC Cruises?
A: MSC Cruises, officially MSC Crociere S.A., is a cruise line belonging to the Mediterranean Shipping Company. It is the fourth-largest cruise operator in the world and the second-largest in Europe, surpassed only by Carnival Corporation & plc, Royal Caribbean Group, and Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.

Q: What is Undo It?
A: "Undo It" is a 2010 song by country artist Carrie Underwood and is the third single from her third studio album Play On. It went to number 23 in the United States, number 85 in Australia and number 43 in Canada.

Q: What is International Labour Organization?
A: The International Labour Organization (ILO) is an international organization created in Geneva in 1919 for better working conditions and standard of living. In 1946, this organization has become a special organization of the United Nations and won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1969.

Q: What is Simplon?
A: Simplon is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. A member of the Swiss Federal Council Josef Escher was born in Simplon.

Q: What is Jane on her Own?
A: Jane on her Own is the fourth book in a series of four American children's picture books written by Ursula K. Le Guin.

Q: What is Malaparamba?
A: Malaparamba lies in the outskirts of Kozhikode City. It is the start of the suburban region of Kozhikode towards the northern region.

Q: What is Bosque County, Texas?
A: Bosque County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Constituency PK-1 (Chitral-I)?
A: Constituency PK-1 (Chitral-I) (Old PK-89) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly in Pakistan.

Q: What is Acute respiratory distress syndrome?
A: Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is a type of respiratory failure caused by a massive widespread inflammation in the lungs. Symptoms include shortness of breath, rapid breathing, and bluish skin color.

Q: What is 89?
A: 89 (LXXXIX) was a common year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Fulvus and Atratinus (or, less frequently, year 842 Ab urbe condita).

Q: What is Trémaouézan?
A: Trémaouézan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Ricardo Rosselló?
A: Ricardo Antonio "Ricky" Rosselló Nevares (born March 7, 1979) is a Puerto Rican college professor, scientist, and politician who has been the Shadow Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Puerto Rico since 2021.

Q: What is Area codes 904 and 324?
A: Area code 904 and 324 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) serving the state of Florida in the United States. They cover the northeastern part of Florida, including the city of Jacksonville, St.

Q: What is Robert L. Backman?
A: Robert LeGrand Backman (March 22, 1922 &ndash; June 3, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1978 until his death.

Q: What is Li Hsing?
A: Li Hsing (; 20 May 1930 – 19 August 2021) was a Taiwanese movie director. He directed more than 30 movies between 1959 and 1986.

Q: What is Turkic mythology?
A: Turkic mythology reflects the wide variety of different religions that the Turkic peoples practiced throughout their history. It is mainly influenced by Tengrism, the old Turkish faith.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Yssingeaux?
A: The arrondissement of Yssingeaux is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Loire département.

Q: What is Turriff?
A: Turriff is a town and parish in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is approximately 166 feet above sea level.

Q: What is 1290s?
A: The 1290s was a decade that began on 1 January 1290 and ended on 31 December 1299. It is distinct from the decade known as the 130th decade which began on January 1, 1291 and ended on December 31, 1300.

Q: What is Leslie E. Robertson?
A: Leslie Earl Robertson (February 12, 1928 – February 11, 2021) was an American engineer. He was the lead structural engineer of the Twin Towers of the original World Trade Center in New York City.

Q: What is John Aldridge?
A: John Aldridge (born 18 September 1958) is an English former football player and manager. He has played for Liverpool F.C.

Q: What is COVID-19 pandemic in North Carolina?
A: The COVID-19 pandemic began affecting North Carolina on March 22, 2020. As of May 2021 North Carolina had the 10th highest number of confirmed cases for the United States During the pandemic in North Carolina, almost 5,800 people died from the COVID or its complications.

Q: What is Chowkur?
A: Chowkur is one the remotest Tibetan settlements surrounded by number of Indian Villages. It is in Taluk of Periyapatna of Mysuru District, Karnataka state in Southern India.

Q: What is Zohreh?
A: Zohreh (Persian: زهره, Arabic:الزهرة) is a Persian female given name which means "Venus". This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Q: What is Stellar birthline?
A: The stellar birthline is a line in the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram that relates the effective temperature and luminosity of pre-main-sequence stars on the start of their contraction. To this point, the objects are protostars, and are so deeply in the cloud of dust and gas from which they are forming that they radiate only in far infrared and millimeter wavelengths.

Q: What is 102 Dalmatians?
A: 102 Dalmatians (known as 102 in Japan) is a 2000 live-action movie produced by The Walt Disney Company with Glenn Close acting as the protagonist, Cruella de Vil. It is a sequel to the 1996 movie 101 Dalmatians, which was a live-action remake of the 1961 Disney animated movie 101 Dalmatians.

Q: What is Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 100 metres?
A: The 100 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934. In the final, the German Käthe Krauß won the event in 11.9 seconds ahead of Polish Stella Walasiewicz and British Eileen Hiscock.

Q: What is John Cornforth?
A: Sir John Warcup "Kappa" Cornforth, Jr., AC, CBE, FRS, FAA (7 September 1917 – 14 December 2013) was an Australian-British chemist. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1975, for his work on the stereochemistry of enzyme-catalysis He was elected a member of the Academia Europaea in 1994.

Q: What is Saint-Cosme-en-Vairais?
A: Saint-Cosme-en-Vairais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe Departments of France

Q: What is L'Herbergement?
A: L&#39;Herbergement is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Q: What is Jean-Guy Hamelin?
A: Jean-Guy Hamelin (October 8, 1925 – March 1, 2018) was a Canadian Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Saint-Sévérin-de-Proulxville, Quebec.

Q: What is Philip Labonte?
A: Phil Labonte is an American melodic metalcore vocalist that has fronted All That Remains and Shadows Fall. Labonte also has a death metal project called Perpetual Doom which he joined in 1993, but left after a few months to join the marines.

Q: What is Liposuction?
A: Liposuction is an invasive cosmetic surgery in which fat is removed in one or more areas of the body. It mainly helps to reshape specific areas of the body.

Q: What is Erin Heatherton?
A: Erin Heather Bubley (born March 4, 1989) is an American model and actress. She is best known for her work for lingerie retailer Victoria's Secret.

Q: What is Giglio?
A: Giglio Island (Italian: Isola del Giglio) is an island and Italian comune located in the Tyrrhenian Sea, off the coast of Tuscany, part of the Province of Grosseto, and part of Tuscan Archipelago.

Q: What is List of Bobby's World episodes?
A: This is a list of episodes from the Fox animated television series Bobby's World. The series premiered on September 8, 1990 and ended on February 23, 1998.

Q: What is Woodbranch, Texas?
A: Woodbranch is a city in Montgomery County, Texas, United States. It was incorporated in 1967.

Q: What is Dominique McElligott?
A: Dominique McElligott (5 October 1986) is an Irish actress. She appears in mostly independent movies.

Q: What is Animal testing?
A: started the discussion on animal testing in the US. The image is from 1981.

Q: What is Gary, Indiana?
A: Gary is a city in the state of Indiana, in the Midwestern United States. Gary is known for its steel mills and for being the birthplace of singer Michael Jackson and former astronaut Frank Borman.

Q: What is Chase This Light?
A: Chase This Light is an album by alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World. It was released on October 23, 2007.

Q: What is The Governor's Daughter?
A: The Governor's Daughter is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Anna Rosemond and Frank H.

Q: What is Sound Tribe Sector Nine?
A: Sound Tribe Sector Nine is a United States band from Atlanta, Georgia. The band's name is commonly abbreviated as just STS9 or Sound Tribe.

Q: What is EMI?
A: EMI was a music company founded in London. It is in charge of a record label, EMI Music.

Q: What is Fall?
A: Fall has several meanings: *Autumn, one of the four seasons of the year *Falling or other downward movement *A waterfall is sometimes called a fall or falls for short English 850 words

Q: What is Eazy-Duz-It?
A: Eazy-Duz-It is the first studio album by American rapper Eazy-E. It was released on September 16, 1988.

Q: What is Northern Canada?
A: , Northwest Territories, and Nunavut Northern Canada, sometimes referred to by Canadians as simply the North, is the vast northernmost region of Canada. The term refers to the three territories of Canada: Yukon, Northwest Territories, and Nunavut.

Q: What is David Hall (American politician)?
A: David Hall (October 20, 1930 &ndash; May 6, 2016) was an American Democratic politician. He served as the 20th Governor of Oklahoma from January 11, 1971 to January 13, 1975.

Q: What is Saint-Juire-Champgillon?
A: Saint-Juire-Champgillon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Q: What is PhinDeli Town Buford, Wyoming?
A: PhinDeli Town Buford, originally known as Buford, is an unincorporated community in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. In 2013, it had only 1 resident.

Q: What is Jacques Chirac?
A: Jacques René Chirac (29 November 1932 &ndash; 26 September 2019) was a French politician who served as President of the French Republic and ex officio Co-Prince of Andorra from 1995 to 2007. He was re-elected in 2002.

Q: What is Roll Away the Stone?
A: "Roll Away the Stone" is a 1973 song by Mott the Hoople and is the leading single from their seventh and final studio album The Hoople. It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom and number 25 in Germany.

Q: What is Lépine?
A: Lépine is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is La Burbanche?
A: La Burbanche is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Q: What is Mukesh Ambani?
A: Mukesh Dhirubhai Ambani (born 19 April 1957) is an Indian billionaire businessman. He is the chairman, managing director, and largest shareholder of Reliance Industries Ltd.

Q: What is Sel?
A: Sel or SEL can be * Sel, Norway, a municipality * HNoMS Sel, three Royal Norwegian Navy boats * Sel (group), a Lithuanian band * "Sel" (song), from the 2019 album Dawn Chorus by Jacques Greene * Sel, abbreviation of Selenipedium, a genus of the orchid family

Q: What is Blowback?
A: Blowback is a system of operation for self-loading firearms that obtains energy from the motion of the cartridge case as it is pushed to the rear by expanding gases created by the ignition of the propellant charge. Several blowback systems exist, distinguished by the methods used to control bolt movement.

Q: What is Distribution?
A: Distribution is the action of sharing something out among a number of recipients. The word distribution has several usages:

Q: What is Cruella (movie)?
A: Cruella is a 2021 American crime comedy movie based on the character Cruella de Vil from Dodie Smith's 1956 novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians. The movie is directed by Craig Gillespie.

Q: What is Rwanda at the Olympics?
A: Rwanda has been in seven Summer Olympic Games. They have never been in the Olympic Winter Games.

Q: What is Pope Gregory IX?
A: Gregory IX (; c. 1145 – 22 August 1241), born Ugolino dei Conti di Segni, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 178th Pope from 19 March 1227 until his death in 1241.

Q: What is Mohamed Abdelwahab?
A: Mohamed Abdelwahab (1 October 1983 – 31 August 2006) is a former Egyptian football player. He played for Egypt's national team.

Q: What is Raid?
A: :For the technology of putting many hard drives together, see RAID A raid is an attack into enemy territory with no intent to get control of it. For example, the attack on Pearl Harbor was an air raid.

Q: What is Alex Kapranos?
A: Alexander Paul Kapranos Huntley (born 20 March 1972), commonly known as Alex Kapranos, is an English musician. He is the lead singer of Scottish band Franz Ferdinand.

Q: What is Bultei?
A: Bultei (Urtèi) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 950 people lived there.

Q: What is Executive Order 9066?
A: Executive Order 9066 was a presidential executive order. It was signed and issued during World War II by the President of the United States Franklin D.

Q: What is Peaches (Justin Bieber song)?
A: "Peaches" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber featuring fellow singer-songwriter Daniel Caesar (also Canadian) and American singer-songwriter Giveon. It was released on March 19, 2021, as the fifth single from Bieber's sixth studio album, Justice, on the same day.

Q: What is List of Animaniacs episodes?
A: Animaniacs is an American animated children's television series that aired on January 29, 1993 until December 21, 1999.

Q: What is Livingston County, Michigan?
A: Livingston County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Q: What is Palearctic?
A: The Palearctic (or 'Palaearctic') ecozone is one of the eight dividing the Earth's surface. The Palearctic is by far the largest ecozone.

Q: What is The Bushwackers (band)?
A: The Bushwackers Band was first called the Bushwackers and Bullockies Band. It is an Australian folk and country music band.

Q: What is Cowra?
A: Cowra is a city in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. It is in Cowra Shire.

Q: What is Banana?
A: A banana is the common name for a type of fruit and also the name for the herbaceous plants that grow it. These plants belong to the genus Musa.

Q: What is Carl Fredrik Reuterswärd?
A: in 1964 Carl Fredrik Reuterswärd (4 June 1934 &ndash; 3 May 2016) was a Swedish painter and sculptor. He was a professor of painting at The Academy of Fine Arts in Stockholm from 1965 until 1969.

Q: What is Metropolitan Transportation Authority Police?
A: The Metropolitan Transportation Authority Police, or MTA Police, is the police force of New York's Metropolitan Transportation Authority local railroad, or MTA. Officers of the MTA Police are full police officers in New York State and in the state of Connecticut.

Q: What is Norco (medication)?
A: Norco is a medicine to help with pain. It is a mixture of two medicines: hydrocodone and acetaminophen.

Q: What is Oscar Penagos?
A: Oscar Penagos is a retired weightlifter from Colombia. Penagos competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Mania?
A: Mania is a type of mood. Mania is usually a symptom of a medical problem or a mental illness.

Q: What is Marine Drive station?
A: Marine Drive is a train station in Vancouver, British Columbia. It is located at 8430 Cambie Street.

Q: What is Dynamic equilibrium?
A: A reversible process is said to be in dynamic equilibrium when the forward and reverse processes occur at the same rate, resulting in no observable change in the system.Once dynamic equilibrium is established, the concentrations or partial pressures of all species involved in the process remain constant.

Q: What is Philippe Contamine?
A: Philippe Contamine (7 May 1932 – 26 January 2022) was a French historian. His works focused on the Middle Ages.

Q: What is Experience machine?
A: The Experience machine is a thought experiment created by the libertarian philosopher Robert Nozick. It was an argument against hedonism.

Q: What is Beth Yaacov Synagogue (Madrid)?
A: The Beth Yaacov Synagogue is a synagogue in Madrid, Spain. It is the main center of the Jewish community of Spain.

Q: What is The Mentalist?
A: The Mentalist is an American drama television series that ran from September 23, 2008 to February 18, 2015, on CBS. The Mentalist is a crime drama or police procedural show, meaning that it focused on people in law enforcement solving crimes.

Q: What is Baddies season 1?
A: The first season of Baddies, officially titled Baddies ATL, aired on the Zeus Network from May 16, 2021, to August 22, 2021, and is filmed in Atlanta, Georgia.

Q: What is Erika Fisch?
A: Erika Fisch (29 April 1934 – 9 November 2021) was a German athlete. She represented the United Team of Germany at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

Q: What is Ninja Warrior UK?
A: Ninja Warrior UK is a British physical obstacle assault course game show, created for ITV. It was presented by Ben Shephard, Chris Kamara and Rochelle Humes.

Q: What is Allendale County, South Carolina?
A: Allendale County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Charles D. Baker?
A: Charles Duane Baker III (June 21, 1928 &ndash; November 1, 2025) was an American businessman and politician. He worked in many departmental roles in the Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan administrations.

Q: What is Yugoslavia?
A: Yugoslavia was a country in Europe that lay mostly in the Balkan Peninsula. It existed in one of three forms from 1918 to 1992 .

Q: What is Algeria?
A: Algeria ( or ), officially the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria, is a country in North Africa. It is the tenth largest country in the world.

Q: What is Ciriaco Cañete?
A: Ciriaco "Cacoy" Cañete (August 8, 1919 – February 5, 2016) was a Filipino martial artist. He was a member of the Doce Pares Eskrima Club.

Q: What is Stagecoach, Texas?
A: Stagecoach is a town in Montgomery County, Texas, United States. It was incorporated in 1980.

Q: What is Auronzo di Cadore?
A: Auronzo di Cadore is a comune (municipality) in the province of Belluno (Cadore) in the Italian region of Veneto, located about north of Venice and about northeast of Belluno. The municipality of Auronzo di Cadore includes the mountain group of the Tre Cime di Lavaredo and Lake Misurina.

Q: What is Japan Boxing Federation?
A: The Japan Boxing Federation (, Nihon Bokushingu Renmei) is the national group that manages amateur boxing in Japan. It organizes national competitions and chooses athletes to represent Japan in international boxing events.

Q: What is List of countries in the 1830s?
A: This is a list of countries in the 1830s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1830 and 31 December 1839. It contains entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty.

Q: What is Rabbit (zodiac)?
A: The Rabbit (卯) is the fourth part of the 12-year cycle of animals that appear in the Chinese zodiac. The Year of the Rabbit is related with the symbol of the Earthly Branch 卯.

Q: What is Maryam Mirzakhani?
A: Maryam Mirzakhani (May 12, 1977 – July 14, 2017) was an Iranian mathematician. She worked at Stanford University.

Q: What is Three Peaks Challenge?
A: The Three Peaks Challenge is a challenge (a hard task or job) which involves climbing three British mountains (a peak is the top of a mountain) in less than 24 hours. The three mountains are the highest of each of the three countries in the island of Great Britain.

Q: What is From A to B (movie)?
A: From A to B is a 2014 United Arab Emirates adventure comedy movie directed by Ali F. Mostafa and starring Fahad Albutairi, Fadi Rifaai, Khaled Abol-Naga, Samer al-Masry, Wonho Chung, Leem Lubany, Madeline Zima, Ali Suliman.

Q: What is Sharon Tate?
A: Sharon Marie Tate (January 23, 1943 – August 9, 1969) was an American actress. She was married to movie director Roman Polanski.

Q: What is Podkarpackie (European Parliament constituency)?
A: Subcaparthian (), officially called Poland's 9th European Parliament constituency (), is a European Parliament constituency in Poland. It represents the Subcaparthian Voivodeship.

Q: What is Moux?
A: Moux is a commune of 701 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Q: What is Kalachuri dynasty?
A: The Kalachuri dynasty was a royal Indian dynasty of Abhiras that ruled various parts of central and northern India, including Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh, for several centuries. They are significant in the political and cultural history of India and are known for initiating the Kalachuri era

Q: What is Elizabeth Azcona Cranwell?
A: Elizabeth Azcona Cranwell (March 10, 1933 - December 4, 2004) was a surrealist poet and translator from Argentina. She was born in Buenos Aires.

Q: What is Consumer spending?
A: Consumer spending, consumption, or consumption expenditure is when people buy goods and services. It is the biggest part of aggregate demand in macroeconomics.

Q: What is Olyphant, Pennsylvania?
A: Olyphant is a borough in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania. It is about five miles (8&nbsp;km) northeast of Scranton.

Q: What is Gallop Racer 3?
A: One and Only Road to Victory: Gallop Racer 3: One and Only Road to Victory or simply titled Gallop Racer 3 is an horse racing video game for Arcade, and later ported into PlayStation. video games games games racing video games games games developed in Japan

Q: What is Sala Capriasca?
A: Sala Capriasca is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 15 October 2001 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Ticino

Q: What is Lynda Thomas?
A: Lynda Aguirre Thomas (born 21 December 1981), known professionally as Lynda, is a Mexican musician, singer, songwriter and activist. She achieved recognition in her native Mexico during the late 1990s and early 2000s.

Q: What is National University of La Plata?
A: The National University of La Plata (, UNLP) is one of the national universities in the Argentine city of La Plata. The university was founded in 1905 by Dr.

Q: What is Pseudophilautus abundus?
A: The Labungama shrub frog (Pseudophilautus sordidus) is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka.

Q: What is Battle of Sluys?
A: The Battle of Sluys (; ; 1340) was an early and important naval battle of the Hundred Years' War. The English attacked near the port of Sluis and destroyed most of the French fleet.

Q: What is Salmaan Taseer?
A: Salmaan Taseer (31 May 1944 — 4 January 2011) was the Governor of Punjab, Pakistan Taseer was born in Simla, Punjab (British India) He owned accountancy businesses, a telephone company, an English language newspaper and the first children's TV channel.

Q: What is Royal Australian Navy?
A: The Royal Australian Navy (RAN) is the navy of Australia. It is part of the Australian Defence Force.

Q: What is International Standard Serial Number?
A: An International Standard Serial Number (ISSN) is an eight-digit number used to identify a print or electronic periodical publication. The ISSN system was first created known as international standard ISO 3297 in 1975.

Q: What is Beaumetz-lès-Aire?
A: Beaumetz-lès-Aire is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Noel Treacy?
A: Noel Treacy (18 December 1951 – 2 February 2022) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway East (Dáil constituency) Treacy died in County Galway, Ireland on 2 February 2022, at the age of 70.

Q: What is List of Mexican painters?
A: This is a list of famous Mexican painters. *Frida Kahlo (d.

Q: What is Monal?
A: A monal is a bird of the genus Lophophorus of the pheasant family, Phasianidae. The type species of this genus is the Himalayan monal (Lophophorus impejanus).

Q: What is Battle of Qingshanli?
A: The Battle of Qingshanli(, ) was a battle for the independence of Korea that took place in Manchuria. From October 21 to October 28, 1920, fighting happened between Kim Jwa-jin and Hong Pom-do, Lee Pom-seok's 4,000-strong Korean independence militia and a 30,000-strong Japanese suppression regiment.

Q: What is Everywhere, Everything?
A: "Everywhere, Everything" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Noah Kahan, for his third studio album Stick Season. It was released on October 14, 2022.

Q: What is Hiiu County?
A: Hiiu County () is one of the 15 counties of Estonia. It is the smallest county both in terms of area and population.

Q: What is Pontifical Catholic University of Chile?
A: The Pontifical Catholic University of Chile is a Catholic university based in the city of Santiago de Chile. It was founded in 1888 through a decree issued by the Santiago Archbishop.

Q: What is George Church?
A: George Church (born August 28, 1954) is an American molecular geneticist. He was one of the people who set out to analyse the human genetic code, the sequence of genes in human DNA.

Q: What is Dare to Be Stupid (song)?
A: "Dare to Be Stupid" is an original song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is done in the style of the band Devo.

Q: What is Stephen Hatton?
A: Stephen Paul Hatton (born 28 January 1948) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party.

Q: What is Zinzan Brooke?
A: Murray Zinzan Valentine Brooke (born 14 February, 1965 in Waiuku, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby player who played 58 tests/100 games for New Zealand and Auckland in rugby. He is the older brother of Robin Brooke and is distantly related to Gerard Beale, Zin Harris and Chris Harris.

Q: What is Lee S. Dreyfus?
A: Lee Sherman Dreyfus (pronounced DRAY-fuss; June 20, 1926 – January 2, 2008) was an American educator and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Q: What is Karyn White?
A: Karyn White (born 14 October 1965 in Los Angeles) is an American R&B singer, songwriter, dancer, record producer and actress. She was very popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Q: What is Kʼicheʼ language?
A: K'iche' or Quiché is a language spoken by the K'iche' people of Central America. The K'iche' are Native Americans.

Q: What is White House Historical Association?
A: The White House Historical Association, founded in 1961 through works of First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis

Q: What is Isle of Wight?
A: The Isle of Wight is an island county that is just off the south coast of England. It is about 40 kilometres (25 miles) by 20 kilometres (13 miles) in size.

Q: What is Dana Plato?
A: Dana Michelle Plato (November 7, 1964 &ndash; May 8, 1999) was an American actress who was known for her role as Kimberly Drummond in the hit comedy show Diff'rent Strokes. After the show ended, her career went down and later posed for Playboy and committed robbery.

Q: What is Blackstripe topminnow?
A: The blackstripe topminnow (Fundulus notatus) is a species of freshwater fish in the family Fundulidae, found in central North America. They are named like that because of their black stripe.

Q: What is Emily de Jongh-Elhage?
A: Emily Saïdy de Jongh-Elhage (born 7 December 1946) is a former Curaçaoan politician. She was the 27th and last prime minister of the Netherlands Antilles from 2006 until its dissolution in 2010.

Q: What is Hop (movie)?
A: Hop is a 2011 Easter-themed comedy movie that was produced by Chris Meledandri and was directed by Tim Hill. Hop was released on April 1, 2011 in North America.

Q: What is Pavel Branko?
A: Pavel Branko (April 27, 1921 – August 17, 2020) was an Italian-born Slovak movie critic, movie theorist, translator of fiction and non-fiction literature. He was called "the doyen of Slovak film criticism".

Q: What is Flag of Rhodesia?
A: The flag of Rhodesia (Zimbabwe) was adopted in 1968 and the design is a green-white-green vertical tricolour similar to the flag of Nigeria with the coat of arms of Rhodesia in the middle. It was adopted in 1968 to replace the sky blue ensign used by Southern Rhodesia (1964–1965) and Rhodesia (1965–1968).

Q: What is Coach (sport)?
A: In sports, a coach or manager is a person who directs and trains a sports team or sportsperson. Sometimes a coach will train the players and a manager will look after the business aspects of the team.

Q: What is Woody Herman?
A: Woodrow Charles Herman (May 16, 1913&nbsp;– October 29, 1987) was an American jazz clarinetist, saxophonist, singer, and big band leader. He was the lead singer for "The Herd".

Q: What is Hartheim Killing Facility?
A: The Hartheim Killing Facility () was a killing centre that Nazi Germany used to kill people with disabilities during World War II. The Nazi eugenics The killing centre was housed in Hartheim Castle in Alkoven, near Linz, Austria.

Q: What is If You Had My Love?
A: "If You Had My Love" is the debut single by Jennifer Lopez released on April 19, 1999 from Lopez' debut album On the 6. The lyrics are about Lopez making rules for her lover before starting a relationship.

Q: What is Elasticity (economics)?
A: In economics, people talk about elasticity of an economic variable, usually supply or demand, in relation to another economic variable such as income or price. The elasticity of a variable is a measure of how much the variable changes in response to a change in a second variable.

Q: What is Thanjavur Taluk?
A: Thanjavur Taluk is a tehsil or taluk or administrative division of the Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Thanjavur, which is also the district headquarters.

Q: What is Plouédern?
A: Plouédern () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Red Square?
A: Red Square (, ) is the most famous city square in Moscow, Russia. The square separates the Kremlin, the former royal citadel and currently the official residence of the President of Russia, from a historic merchant quarter known as Kitay-gorod (China-Town).

Q: What is Francesco Di Giacomo?
A: Francesco Di Giacomo (22 August 1947 &ndash; 21 February 2014) was an Italian singer and musician. He was a member of rock band Banco del Mutuo Soccorso.

Q: What is Giorgio Bernini?
A: Giorgio Bernini (9 November 1928 – 21 October 2020) was an Italian jurist, academic and politician. He was the father of Anna Maria Bernini.

Q: What is James Carlisle?
A: Sir James Beethoven Carlisle, GCMG (born August 5, 1937) is a dentist. He was the former Governor-General of Antigua and Barbuda.

Q: What is Paging?
A: In computing, paging is the name of a technology that allows virtual memory. Sometimes, it is called swapping.

Q: What is Bananas in Pyjamas?
A: Bananas in Pyjamas is a children's television program on the ABC Channel in Australia. It started on July 20, 1992.

Q: What is Global Development Initiative?
A: The Global Development Initiative ( its full name: Global Development Initiative —Building on 2030 SDGs for Stronger, Greener and Healthier Global Development) is a global initiative proposed by China in 2021. As of September 2022, more than 100 countries and international organizations have expressed their support to the Initiative.

Q: What is Bonn?
A: Bonn () is a city near Cologne. It is in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

Q: What is 2016 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)?
A: The 13th FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) were held at the WFCU Centre in Windsor, Ontario, Canada from 6 to 11 December 2016. These championships had swimming events in a 25-meter (short-course) pool.

Q: What is James Woods?
A: James Woods (born April 18, 1947) is an American actor and producer. He is known for his roles in Once Upon a Time in America, Salvador, Nixon, Ghosts of Mississippi, The Last Day of Summer and Casino.

Q: What is Waiting for a Girl Like You?
A: "Waiting for a Girl Like You" is a 1981 song by British American band by Foreigner and is the second single from their 4th studio album 4. It went to number 2 in the United States for 10 weeks, number 2 in Canada, number 3 in Australia, number 8 in the United Kingdom and number 9 in Canada.

Q: What is George Wallace (American comedian)?
A: George Henry Wallace (born July 21, 1952) is an American comedian and actor. His movie roles include in 3 Strikes and the Coen Brothers movie The Ladykillers (2004, as Sheriff Wyner).

Q: What is Park City, Kansas?
A: Park City is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is a suburb of Wichita.

Q: What is MacGuffin (cipher)?
A: In cryptography, MacGuffin is a block cipher created in 1994 by Bruce Schneier and Matt Blaze at a Fast Software Encryption workshop. It was intended as a catalyst for analysis of a new cipher structure, known as Generalized Unbalanced Feistel Networks (GUFNs).

Q: What is Cap'n Crunch?
A: Cap'n Crunch is a breakfast cereal manufactured since 1963 by Quaker Oats Company. cereals characters introduced in 1963

Q: What is Little Anthony and the Imperials?
A: Little Anthony and the Imperials are an African-American vocal group of the 1950s and 1960s. Their lead singer was "Little Anthony" Gourdine.

Q: What is Philipp Veit?
A: , by Philipp Veit Philipp Veit (13 February 1793 – 18 December 1877) was a German Romantic painter. One of Veit's most important paintings was Germania in 1848.

Q: What is Galway Girl?
A: "Galway Girl" is a 2017 song by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran and is the third single from his third studio album ÷. The song topped the single charts in Iceland, Ireland and Slovenia.

Q: What is Hunted Down?
A: "Hunted Down" is a 1991 heavy metal song by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It is from their debut EP Screaming Life, which was released in 1987.

Q: What is Smart grid?
A: The smart grid is a modern electrical grid that uses communication and information technology to collect information from the behavior of its customers. This is done so that it can automatically work itself to be more efficient and reliable in distributing electricity.

Q: What is 5 Seconds of Summer (album)?
A: 5 Seconds of Summer is the self-titled first studio album by Australian pop rock band 5 Seconds Of Summer. It was released June 27, 2014.

Q: What is Hong Kong national security law?
A: The Hong Kong national security law is the law that is about national security in Hong Kong. The full name of the law is Law of the People's Republic of China on Safeguarding National Security in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Q: What is Primorje-Gorski Kotar County?
A: Primorje-Gorski Kotar County is a county in western Croatia. The county seat is Rijeka.

Q: What is Pintupi?
A: . The Pintupi homeland is centred on Lake Mackay (Wilkinkarra).

Q: What is Coresthetopsis proxima?
A: Coresthetopsis proxima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1940.

Q: What is Passion cantata?
A: A Passion cantata is a cantata. The cantata takes its theme from the Passion of Jesus Christ, in other words his suffering until his death at the cross.

Q: What is Milo O'Shea?
A: Milo O'Shea (2 June 1926 &ndash; 2 April 2013) was an Irish-American actor and personality. He was known for his role as Leopold Bloom in Ulysses.

Q: What is The Gospel of John (2003 movie)?
A: The Gospel of John is a 2003 epic television movie that is about the life of Jesus according to the Gospel of John.

Q: What is Sodium phosphate?
A: Sodium phosphate is a group of chemical compounds made from sodium and phosphoric acid. As a triprotic acid, phosphoric acid has three hydrogen atoms that can be replaced by sodium in a chemical reaction.

Q: What is Kirkbampton?
A: Kirkbampton is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 471 people living in Kirkbampton.

Q: What is Neri Oxman?
A: Neri Oxman (; born February 6, 1976) is an American–Israeli architect, designer, and professor at the MIT Media Lab. She is known for art and architecture that combines design, biology, computing, and materials engineering.

Q: What is Noyelles-lès-Vermelles?
A: Noyelles-lès-Vermelles is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is IOS 15?
A: iOS 15 is the fifteenth major release of the iOS mobile operating system developed by Apple for its iPhone and iPod Touch lines of products. It was announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference on June 7, 2018, as the successor to iOS 14, and released to the public on September 20, 2021.

Q: What is Billy Mays?
A: William Darrell "Billy" Mays, Jr. (July 20, 1958 – June 28, 2009) was an American television direct-response advertisement salesperson most well known for promoting OxiClean, Orange Glo, and other cleaning, home-based, and maintenance products.

Q: What is 1830 United States census?
A: The United States Census of 1830 was the fifth Census in the United States. It was completed on June 1, 1830.

Q: What is Soil classification?
A: s Soil classification means that one finds categories of soils that are based on general characteristics as well as criteria that decide about the use that is possible. Soil classification can be approached from both the perspective of pedogenesis and from soil morphology.

Q: What is Kawasaki Heavy Industries & Nippon Sharyo C751B?
A: Kawasaki Heavy Industries & Nippon Sharyo C751B was the third generation rolling stock used on the Singapore MRT system. The trains operated on the East West Line and North South Line.

Q: What is Demon Slayer?
A: Demon Slayer is a Japanese manga series. It is about a boy named Tanjiro Kamado who tries to become a Demon Slayer after his family was killed and his younger sister, Nezuko, turned into a demon.

Q: What is AFC Women's Asian Cup?
A: The AFC Women's Asian Cup is a women's association football tournament for teams in Asia. The most successful team is currently the China women's national football team with 8 titles.

Q: What is Vicente Rocafuerte?
A: Vicente Rocafuerte y Bejarano (May 1, 1783 &ndash; May 16, 1847) was an influential figure in Ecuadorian politics. He served as President of Ecuador from September 10, 1834 to January 31, 1839.

Q: What is Daniela Bianchi?
A: Daniela Bianchi (born 31 January 1942) is an Italian former actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who had a successful Hollywood career. She was crowned Miss Universo Italia in 1960.

Q: What is Constanța County?
A: Constanţa is a county (judeţ) of Romania. It is in the Dobruja region.

Q: What is Interstate 278?
A: Interstate 278 is a highway is in the US states of New Jersey and New York. It runs from US Highway 1-9 in Linden, NJ to the Cross Bronx Expressway (I-95/I-295) in The Bronx.

Q: What is Find me, Lyonya!?
A: Find me, Lyonya! () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Lebedev. It stars Anna Aleksakhina, Larisa Baranova, and Viktor Chekmaryov.

Q: What is Euphoria (American TV series)?
A: Euphoria is an American teen drama television series created by Sam Levinson. It is based on the Euphoria (Israeli TV series)

Q: What is Robotics?
A: Robotics is a part of engineering and science. It is the work of creating and building robots.

Q: What is Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Cricket Stadium?
A: The Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Cricket Stadium or Naya Raipur International Cricket Stadium is a cricket field in the city of Naya Raipur, Chhattisgarh, India. It is List of cricket grounds by capacity The stadium is named after Veer Narayan Singh a landlord from Sonakhan who led the 1857 war Indian independence in Chhattisgarh.

Q: What is Now That's What I Call Music! 29 (U.S. series)?
A: Now That's What I Call Music! 29 is the 29th album in the original Now series. This compilation album was released in November 2008.

Q: What is Gloria Reuben?
A: Gloria Elizabeth Reuben (born June 9, 1964) is a Canadian actress and singer. She acts in both television series and movies.

Q: What is Brett Gelman?
A: Brett Clifford Gelman (born October 6, 1976) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for his role as Murray Bauman in Netflix's horror-supernatural series Stranger Things and as Martin on the BBC comedy Fleabag.

Q: What is Samos City?
A: Samos City is the capital of the Greek island Samos. It is in the northeast of the island.

Q: What is Military Medical Academy (Egypt)?
A: The Egyptian Military Medical Academy is one of the scientific facilities affiliated with the Egyptian Armed Forces, which was established in 1979 to benefit from the expertise of Armed Forces doctors. It aims to train and educate medical service officers, conduct various specialized studies, and conduct medical research in various military and clinical medicine sciences.

Q: What is Sainte-Austreberthe?
A: Sainte-Austreberthe ("Saint Austrebertha") is the name of two communes in France: * Sainte-Austreberthe, Pas-de-Calais * Sainte-Austreberthe, Seine-Maritime

Q: What is Vallermosa?
A: Vallermosa (Biddaramòsa) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,932 people lived there.

Q: What is Thierry Mugler?
A: Manfred Thierry Mugler (; 21 December 1948 &ndash; 23 January 2022) was a French fashion designer. He was born in Strasbourg, France.

Q: What is The Artist in the Ambulance?
A: The Artist in the Ambulance is the third album by the post-hardcore band Thrice. It was released on July 22 2003.

Q: What is Robert F. Engle?
A: Robert Fry Engle III (born November 10, 1942) is an American statistician. He is the winner of the 2003 Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences, sharing the award with Clive Granger, "for methods of analyzing economic time series with time-varying volatility (ARCH)".

Q: What is Dolores Claiborne (movie)?
A: Dolores Claiborne is a 1995 American crime drama movie set in Maine. Kathy Bates plays the title character.

Q: What is Evanna Lynch?
A: Evanna Patricia Lynch (born 16 August 1991) is an Irish actress. She became famous by playing Luna Lovegood, a supporting character in the Harry Potter movie series.

Q: What is Sino-Vietnamese War?
A: The Sino-Vietnamese War was a war fought between China and Vietnam from 17 February, 1979 to 16 March, 1979. It was a brief border war fought between the People's Republic of China and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in early 1979.

Q: What is Alien Hominid Invasion?
A: Alien Hominid Invasion is a 2023 run and gun video game developed by The Behemoth. it is a sequel/reimagining of The Behemoth 2004 video game Alien Hominid

Q: What is I puritani?
A: I puritani is an Italian opera in three acts by Vincenzo Bellini, first performed in Paris, on January 25, 1835, libretto by Carlo Pepoli, after Jacques Ancelot and Xavier Boniface Saintine's Têtes Rondes et Cavaliers, itself based on Sir Walter Scott's Old Morality. Bellini's last work and one of his greatest triumphs.

Q: What is Faqqu’a Iris?
A: Gilboa Iris or Faqqu’a Iris (Iris haynei) is a species in the genus Iris, subgenus Iris subgenus and section (botany) Oncocyclus. It is a rhizomatous perennial, from the shrublands and mountainsides of Palestine.

Q: What is QueerSportSplit?
A: Queer Sport Split (short: QSS) is a charity organization from Split, Croatia. It has a focus on the sport, culture and leisure of the LGBTIQ+ community.

Q: What is Volkmar Groß?
A: Volkmar Groß (31 January 1948 – 3 July 2014) was a German football player. He spent seven seasons in the Bundesliga with Hertha BSC, Tennis Borussia Berlin and FC Schalke 04.

Q: What is Supersaturation?
A: Supersaturation in chemical solutions is when a solution contains more of a solute than can be dissolved in it. This usually makes some of the solute separate itself from the solution.

Q: What is Sriram Chandra Bhanj Deo?
A: Sri Rama Chandra Bhanja Deo (17 December 1870 – 22 February 1912) was the Maharaja of Mayurbhanj district

Q: What is Nicholls State University?
A: Nicholls State University is a university located in Thibodaux, Louisiana. and universities in Louisiana

Q: What is Llanymynech?
A: Llanymynech is a village in Shropshire, England and Powys, Wales. It is in the civil parish of Llanymynech and Pant, next to the River Vyrnwy.

Q: What is Brenda Song?
A: Brenda Song (born March 27, 1988) is an American actress and model. She is also a former child model (person)

Q: What is Bill Bolling?
A: William Troy Bolling (born June 15, 1957) is an American businessman, politician and educator. He was the 39th Lieutenant Governor of Virginia.

Q: What is Wen Tingyun?
A: Wen Tingyun (812&ndash;870) was an important Chinese lyricist of the late Tang Dynasty. He was born in Qin, Shanxi province, China.

Q: What is Adam Laxalt?
A: Adam Paul Laxalt (born August 31, 1978) is an American politician. He was the Attorney General of Nevada from 2015 until 2019.

Q: What is Eurocopter EC225 Super Puma Mk-2?
A: police. The Eurocopter EC225 Super Puma Mk-2 is a medium helicopter designed and built in France by Eurocopter.

Q: What is Namib Dune (Mars)?
A: The Namib Dune (Mt. Sharp) is a dune in "Husband Hill" on the planet Mars.

Q: What is We Got the Beat?
A: "We Got the Beat" is a song by the American rock band the Go-Go's, written by the group's lead guitarist and keyboardist Charlotte Caffey. The band first recorded the song in 1980.

Q: What is Graz?
A: Graz is a city in Austria and capital of Styria. After Vienna, Graz has the second highest number of people living in the city.

Q: What is Jason Mantzoukas?
A: Jason Mantzoukas (, ; born December 18, 1972) is an American character actor, comedian, writer, and podcaster. He is best known for his role as Rafi in the FX comedy series The League, and as one of the three co-hosts of the podcast How Did This Get Made?.

Q: What is Cave painting?
A: Cave paintings are paintings on cave walls and ceilings. Usually these paintings were made in prehistoric times.

Q: What is Lajos Szűcs (footballer, born 1943)?
A: Lajos Szűcs (10 December 1943 – 12 July 2020) was a Hungarian football striker. He played for Dorog, Ferencváros, Budapest Honvéd FC and Vasas Izzó.

Q: What is 1860 United States Census?
A: The United States Census of 1860 was the eighth Census in the United States. It was completed after November 1, 1860.

Q: What is Lörrach (district)?
A: Lörrach is a rural district (Landkreis) in the southwest of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Neighboring districts are Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald and Waldshut.

Q: What is Jefferson, Georgia?
A: Jefferson is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia.

Q: What is Swinton, South Yorkshire?
A: Swinton is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire, a county in England. 11,701 people lived in Swinton in 2011.

Q: What is Gerald Wiegert?
A: Gerald Alden "Jerry" Wiegert (July 12, 1944 – January 15, 2021) was an American automotive engineer and businessman. He was the founder of two companies, Vector Motors and Aquajet.

Q: What is Odesa?
A: Odesa (, ; also known as Odessa, ) is a city in southwestern Ukraine on the Black Sea shore. It is the administrative center of the province of Odesa Oblast.

Q: What is Lenny Montana?
A: Lenny Montana (born Leonardo Passafaro; March 13, 1926 – May 12, 1992) was an American actor. He is known for playing Luca Brasi in The Godfather.

Q: What is First inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson?
A: next to him, November 22, 1963 The first inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson as the 36th president of the United States occurred on November 22, 1963.

Q: What is Nadia Whittome?
A: Nadia Edith Whittome (born 29 August 1996) is a British politician serving as Member of Parliament (MP) for Nottingham East since 2019. A member of the Labour Party and the Socialist Campaign Group, she was previously the youngest MP upon her election at the age of 23.

Q: What is Desmond Carrington?
A: Desmond Herbert Carrington (23 May 1926 – 1 February 2017) was a British actor and broadcaster. He was best known for his weekly evening show, The Music Goes Round, on BBC Radio 2.

Q: What is Classical Kuiper belt object?
A: , the first classical Kuiper belt object visited by a spacecraft. (blue) and Pluto (pink) A classical Kuiper belt object, also called a cubewano, is a Kuiper belt object (KBO) that has an orbit that is beyond Neptune's, does not have a high eccentricity, and does not have an orbital resonance with Neptune.

Q: What is Ohio County?
A: Ohio County is the name of three counties in the United States: * Ohio County, Indiana * Ohio County, Kentucky * Ohio County, West Virginia

Q: What is Bobby Ray Inman?
A: Bobby Ray Inman (born April 4, 1931) is a retired United States admiral. He held many important positions in the Naval Intelligence from September 1974 to July 1976, then moved to the Defense Intelligence Agency where he served as Vice Director until 1977.

Q: What is Guillotine?
A: 's execution on 16 October 1793 The guillotine is a machine used to execute people by decapitation (chopping off their heads). A guillotine is made of a heavy blade attached to a rack, which moves up and down on a vertical frame.

Q: What is Wolves (Story of the Year album)?
A: Wolves is the sixth studio album by American rock band Story of the Year. The album was released on December 8, 2017.

Q: What is Guria?
A: Guria is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Ozurgeti.

Q: What is Slovenia at the Olympics?
A: Slovenia was first an independent nation at the Olympic Games in 1992. They have been in every Games since then.

Q: What is 1998 FIFA World Cup?
A: The 1998 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in France from 10 June to 12 July 1998. 32 teams took part from many countries.

Q: What is Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania?
A: Mount Bethel is an unincorporated community in Upper Mount Bethel Township in Northampton County, Pennsylvania

Q: What is Rovray?
A: Rovray is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is in the Jura-Nord vaudois (district)

Q: What is To Play Some Music?
A: "To Play Some Music" is a 1975 debut single by Journey. It is the fourth track from their debut studio album Journey and was only single from the album.

Q: What is Catastrophism?
A: and Anoplotherium (pictured), by Georges Cuvier led him to believe that series of catastrophic events wiped out worlds before the modern one. Catastrophism is a theory in geology that says the Earth's shape has been largely shaped by sudden and violent events.

Q: What is COVID-19?
A: Coronavirus disease 2019 or COVID-19 is an infectious disease caused by the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. This virus is kind of like the older Severe acute respiratory syndrome The virus SARS-CoV-2 is the cause of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Q: What is John Lee (Australian actor)?
A: John Lee (31 March 1928 – 21 December 2000) was an Australian actor. He worked in movies and television in Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Q: What is Uttarkashi district?
A: Uttarkashi District (), also known as Uttar Kashi District, is a district of Garhwal division of the Uttarakhand state in northern India. Its headquarters are at Uttarkashi city.

Q: What is Paula Bradshaw?
A: Paula Bradshaw is a Northern Irish politician and member of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland. Since 2016, she has served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for South Belfast.

Q: What is Assassination of Saleh al-Arouri?
A: On the 2nd of January 2024, Saleh al-Arouri, was killed by an Israeli missile attack in the neighborhood of Dahieh in Beirut. The missile attack killed 6 civilians which also included other members of the Hamas political party.

Q: What is Roseville, California?
A: Roseville is a city in Placer County, California, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Catalão?
A: Catalão is a Brazilian city in the state of Goiás. It has 75.623 inhabitants.

Q: What is 1998 Quebec general election?
A: The 1998 Quebec general election was held on November 30. Lucien Bouchard's Parti Québécois won a majority of seats and Jean Charest's Quebec Liberal Party formed the opposition.

Q: What is Energy level?
A: :This article is about orbital (electron) energy levels. For compounds' energy levels, see chemical potential.

Q: What is Robert Schuman?
A: Robert Schuman (29 June 1886 – 4 September 1963) was a famous French politician. Schuman was a politician with the Mouvement Républicain Populaire (Popular Republican Movement) party which is a French Christian Democrat party.

Q: What is Ben Peyton?
A: Ben Peyton (born 1977) is a British actor who is best known for portraying PC Ben Hayward in the British police drama series The Bill from 2000 to 2002. He has also appeared in Bridget Jones's Diary, Band of Brothers, Emmerdale, Doctor Who, Holby City, and Hacksaw Ridge.

Q: What is Egon Bondy's Happy Hearts Club Banned?
A: Egon Bondy's Happy Hearts Club Banned is a "studio" album by the Czech underground band The Plastic People of the Universe. It was recorded in 1974-1975 in Houska Castle and in atelier in Prague.

Q: What is Daevid Allen?
A: Christopher David Allen (13 January 1938 – 13 March 2015), better known as Daevid Allen, sometimes credited as Divided Alien, was an Australian poet, guitarist, singer, composer and performance artist. He was co-founder of psychedelic rock groups Soft Machine (in the UK, 1966) and Gong (band) Allen died of neck cancer at his home in Sydney, New South Wales, aged 77.

Q: What is National Rugby League?
A: The National Rugby League (NRL) is a professional sports league in Australia. They play rugby league.

Q: What is LittleBigPlanet?
A: LittleBigPlanet, also known as 'LBP', is a series of puzzle platformer video games. The first game was only made for PlayStation 3, and it was first made known on 7 March 2007, by Phil Harrison at the Game Developers Conference (GDC) in San Francisco, California.

Q: What is Osteen, Florida?
A: Osteen is an unincorporated community of Florida in the United States. It is in the southwestern part of Volusia County.

Q: What is Arrissoules?
A: Arrissoules is a village of the Yverdon (district) The Arrissoules Tunnel of the A1 motorway is found near the village.

Q: What is Sol Líneas Aéreas Flight 5428?
A: Sol Líneas Aéreas Flight 5428 was a passenger flight which crashed near the towns of Los Menucos and Prahuaniyeu, in Río Negro, Argentina. The flight made the last leg of the route that included the Argentine cities of Córdoba, Mendoza, Neuquén and Comodoro Rivadavia, on May 18, 2011.

Q: What is Hopkinsville, Kentucky?
A: Hopkinsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States. in Kentucky seats in Kentucky County, Kentucky

Q: What is Area codes 817 and 682?
A: Area codes 817 and 682 are telephone area codes in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Wabash County?
A: Wabash County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Wabash County, Illinois * Wabash County, Indiana

Q: What is Gordon, Texas?
A: Gordon is a city in Palo Pinto County, Texas, United States. It was platted in 1881.

Q: What is Port Chalmers?
A: Port Chalmers is a town and port in East Otago. It is 15 kilometers northeast of Dunedin and is on State Highway 88.

Q: What is Bristol (disambiguation)?
A: Bristol is a city in England. It might also mean: ;Things related to the English city: *Bristol Airport *Bristol City F.C.

Q: What is Imbituba?
A: Imbituba is a port and coastal city in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina. Its area is 184,787&nbsp;km² and 45,286 people lived here in 2020.

Q: What is Playwright?
A: , one of the most acclaimed dramtists of history. A playwright is a person who writes plays for the stage.

Q: What is Omak Airport?
A: Omak Airport is an airport in Omak, Washington. in the United States and structures in Washington (state) in Washington (state)

Q: What is Turkish hamster?
A: The Turkish hamster (Mesocricetus brandti) is a species of hamster closely related to the Syrian hamster. It is used as a laboratory animal in scientific research, but is not widely available on the pet market.

Q: What is Juliet Mills?
A: Juliet Mills (born 21 November 1941) is an English actress who has performed in movies, television and stage acts since 1942. She played in the supernatural NBC soap opera Passions.

Q: What is Chris Pronger?
A: Christopher Robert Pronger ( or ; born October 10, 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played parts of 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is À la conquête de l'air?
A: À la conquête de l'air is a 1901 French silent movie directed by Ferdinand Zecca and stars Ferdinand Zecca.

Q: What is Villers-Sir-Simon?
A: Villers-Sir-Simon is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is People's Council of Turkmenistan?
A: The Halk Maslahaty (, [xɑlq mɑθlɑxɑt̪ɯ]; "People's Council") is the upper chamber of Turkmenistan's Parliament, the "National Council" (). It is made up of 56 members, 48 elected from the five provinces and the capital city of Ashgabat, and 8 appointed by the president.

Q: What is Bolometric magnitude?
A: Bolometric magnitude, or bolometric luminosity, is the total magnitude of all electromagnetic radiation of a star or other object. It is an extension of luminosity to include all kinds of radiation.

Q: What is John Muir?
A: John Muir (21 April 1838 &ndash; 24 December 1914) was an influential Scottish-born American naturalist, author, environmental philosopher, glaciologist, writer, and early advocate of preservation of wilderness in the United States. His letters, essays, and books of his adventures in nature, especially in the Sierra Nevada mountains of California, have been read by millions of people.

Q: What is Shoichi Funaki?
A: (born August 24, 1968), is a Japanese former professional wrestler. He is signed to WWE, where he is part of the Japanese commentary team and is best known for wrestling there from 1998–2010 under the ring names Funaki and Kung Fu Naki.

Q: What is Buire-Courcelles?
A: Buire-Courcelles is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France. in Somme

Q: What is Anicetus Bongsu Antonius Sinaga?
A: Anicetus Bongsu Antonius Sinaga, (25 September 1941 – 7 November 2020) was the Indonesian Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Sibolga and then Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Medan from 2009 to 2018. On 20 October 2020, it was reported that Sinaga had tested positive for the COVID-19 virus.

Q: What is Sadyr Japarov?
A: Sadyr Nurgozhoevich Japarov (; born 6 December 1968, surname sometimes romanized as Zhaparov) is a Kyrgyz politician. He was the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from October 2020 to November 2020.

Q: What is VIT University?
A: Vellore Institute of Technology, (also known as VIT University and abbreviated as VIT) is a university in Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India. VIT has nine schools.

Q: What is Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor?
A: Andrew Albert Christian Edward Mountbatten-Windsor (born 19 February 1960), formerly known as Prince Andrew, Duke of York, is a younger brother of Charles III, the Head of the Commonwealth. Although he has no royal status, Mountbatten-Windsor was eighth in line of succession to the British throne, as the second son of Elizabeth II.

Q: What is Battle of Ganja (1918)?
A: The Battle of Ganja (Azerbaijani: Gəncə döyüşü; Armenian: Գանձայի ճակատամարտը; Turkish: Gence Muharebesi) took place between Armenians and Ottoman–Azerbaijani forces, and Ganja was ultimately captured 14 June 1918.

Q: What is Queen's Hall?
A: The Queen's Hall was a concert hall in Central London, England. It opened in 1893.

Q: What is Grand Canal (China)?
A: The Grand Canal or Dayunhe or Jing–Hang Grand Canal () is the longest and oldest canal and artificial river in the world. It starts in Beijing; passes through Tianjin, Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang; and ends in Hangzhou.

Q: What is Thoibi?
A: Moirang Thoibi () or Ewanglon Thoibi () is the main character of the Khamba Thoibi story from ancient Moirang Kangleirol legends. She is a princess from the Ancient Moirang kingdom.

Q: What is Peter McDougall?
A: Peter McDougall (born 1947, Greenock, Scotland) is a BAFTA and Prix Italia award-winning television playwright. His major success was in the 1970s.

Q: What is Beverly Beach, Florida?
A: Beverly Beach is a town in Flagler County, Florida in the United States. establishments in the United States establishments in Florida in Flagler County, Florida in Florida

Q: What is San Luis Pass?
A: San Luis Pass is a strait of water at the south-western end of Galveston Island off the shores of the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Charles Juste de Beauvau, 2nd Prince of Craon?
A: Charles Juste de Beauvau, Prince of Craon (10 September 1720 &ndash; 21 May 1793), 2nd Prince of Craon (1754), Marshal of France (1783) was a French scholar, nobleman and general. The son of Marc de Beauvau, he was also brother of the famous Madame de Boufflers and through her uncle to the poet Stanislas de Boufflers.

Q: What is Zhores Medvedev?
A: Zhores Aleksandrovich Medvedev (; 14 November 1925 – 15 November 2018) was a Russian agronomist, biologist, historian and dissident. His twin brother is the historian Roy Medvedev.

Q: What is Cinderella (musical)?
A: Cinderella is a musical. It is based on the fairy tale, "Cendrillon, ou La petite pantoufle de vere" by Charles Perrault.

Q: What is Ferrari Grand Prix results?
A: The table below details the World Championship Grand Prix results for Scuderia Ferrari's factory team-entered and privately-entered Formula One cars since 1950 in a separate list. The distinction between factory team entries and privateers is important in the early years of the Formula One championships.

Q: What is City-state?
A: A city-state is a city that has its own sovereignty, meaning that it is its own country. There were many important city-states in ancient Greece.

Q: What is Ryuki Kozawa?
A: is a Japanese former professional footballer who played as a forward. Kozawa played for FC Tokyo in the J1 League in 2006–2007, and Pattaya United in the Thai Premier League between 2008 and 2010.

Q: What is Meyronnes?
A: Meyronnes is a former commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeast France.

Q: What is Nazism?
A: . Nazism is a set of political beliefs associated with the Nazi Party of Germany.

Q: What is Malawimonad?
A: Malawimonada (order Malawimonadida) is a phylum of microorganisms. They occupy a basal position in the evolutionary tree of eukaryotes.

Q: What is Fulshear, Texas?
A: Fulshear is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States. establishments in Mexico in Fort Bend County, Texas

Q: What is School violence?
A: , in Germany. School violence is the name for violence that occurs in schools.

Q: What is Anders Larsson?
A: Anders Larsson is a Swedish former cross-country skiing He also participated at the cross-country skiing at the 1984 Winter Olympics

Q: What is Reddish-gray mouse lemur?
A: The reddish-gray mouse lemur (Microcebus griseorufus) is a type of lemur. It is called the gray-brown mouse lemur or rufous-gray mouse lemur.

Q: What is Cruiserweight?
A: Cruiserweight, also referred to as junior heavyweight, is a weight class in professional boxing. It is between light heavyweight and heavyweight.

Q: What is Galilee?
A: , in Upper Galilee Galilee ( ha-Galil, lit: the province, Latin: Galileia, al-Jaleel) is a region in northern Israel. It is traditionally divided into Upper and Lower Galilee.

Q: What is Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians?
A: Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians are a club of LGBT persons who go against abortion while at the same time representing the LGBT community. The group was established around 1990 in Minneapolis and Washington, D.C.

Q: What is Javier Bardem?
A: Javier Ángel Encinas Bardem (born 1 March 1969) is a Spanish actor. He is known for his roles in Skyfall, No Country for Old Men, Biutiful, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, Before Night Falls, Jamón, jamón, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales and Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile.

Q: What is Lessemsauridae?
A: Lessemsauridae is a clade of early sauropod dinosaurs that lived in the Triassic and Jurassic of Argentina and South Africa. The phylogenetic analysis performed by Apaldetti and colleagues is shown below:

Q: What is Lolo Ferrari?
A: Lolo Ferrari (9 February 1963 – 5 March 2000) was the stage name of a French dancer and actress billed as "the woman with the largest breasts in the world", though their size was artificially achieved. She was born Eve Valois in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dome.

Q: What is Vancouver Canucks?
A: The Vancouver Canucks are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They started to play in the NHL in 1970.

Q: What is Madagascar (1994 movie)?
A: Madagascar is a 1994 Cuban movie directed by Fernando Pérez. It marked his change of direction into a more lyrical approach to moviemaking, somehow stripped from the realistic documentary feel of his early work.

Q: What is North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball?
A: The North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

Q: What is Stitch Money?
A: Stitch is a fintech company working in Africa. It one of the biggest in open banking sphere.

Q: What is Deaths in November 2011?
A: The following is a list of notable deaths in November 2011. Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname.

Q: What is Chavo Guerrero Sr.?
A: Salvador Guerrero III (January 7, 1949&nbsp;– February 11, 2017) better known as Chavo Guerrero or Chavo Guerrero Sr., and also known during the 21st century as "Chavo Classic", was a Mexican-American professional wrestler. He was born in El Paso, Texas.

Q: What is Tyrrell Racing?
A: The Tyrrell Racing Organisation was an auto racing team and Formula One constructor (race car maker). It was created by Ken Tyrrell.

Q: What is Cherry picking?
A: Cherry picking is when someone picks the case which supports his opinion. For example, suppose twenty studies have been done on a new medicine and 19 say it works, but one says it does not work.

Q: What is 1492?
A: It was an important year in the history of the world. The most important events centred around Spain.

Q: What is Jens Weidmann?
A: Jens Weidmann (born 20 April 1968) is a German economist. He was the president of the Deutsche Bundesbank from 2011 until 2021.

Q: What is Amir (Iranian Army)?
A: for Amirs Amir (), previously known as Timsar (), is the honorific title used for officer of high rank, ranking 2nd Brigadier General and higher in the Islamic Republic of Iran Army. The title is also for Law Enforcement Force of Islamic Republic of Iran commanders, except for those who have served in the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, where "Sardar" is equal to the title.

Q: What is John Reinhardt?
A: John Edward Reinhardt (March 8, 1920 &ndash; February 18, 2016) was an American diplomat. He was born in Knoxville, Tennessee.

Q: What is Progymnosperm?
A: Progymnosperms are ancient plants that don't exist anymore. They were like woody plants with acrogymnosperms and angiosperms (flowering plants).

Q: What is Ayman Odeh?
A: Ayman Odeh (, , born January 1, 1975 in Haifa) is an Israeli lawyer and politician. He is political leader both of Hadash ("New") and HaReshima HaMeshutefet / al-Qa'imah al-Mushtarakah ("The Joint List").

Q: What is Heythuysen?
A: Heythuysen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Leudal.

Q: What is Rush Limbaugh?
A: Rush Hudson Limbaugh III (, ; January 12, 1951 – February 17, 2021) was an American conservative radio talk show host and writer. He was the host of The Rush Limbaugh show where callers could call in and express their opinions.

Q: What is Power-on self test?
A: The POST, in most computers, is a self-test that checks the OS(s) available and boots from the OS selected. POST stands for Power On Self Test.

Q: What is Netizen?
A: A netizen is a [https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizen_(disambiguation) citizen] (or user) of the internet. They post things online and most netizens have joined at least one website.

Q: What is Windsor Heights, Iowa?
A: Windsor Heights is a city in Polk County, Iowa. It is near Des Moines, Iowa The city was established on July 19, 1941.

Q: What is Lake Ladoga?
A: Lake Ladoga (, ) is very large lake in Russia. It is the largest lake in Europe and one of the 20 largest lakes on Earth.

Q: What is Burt Reynolds?
A: Burton Leon "Burt" Reynolds Jr. (February 11, 1936 &ndash; September 6, 2018) was an American actor, director and producer.

Q: What is Věž?
A: Věž is a village near Humpolec in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. 796 people live in Věž.

Q: What is Hüsker Dü?
A: Hüsker Dü was an American hardcore punk and later alternative rock band from the 1980s. The band formed in 1979 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Q: What is Alan Mulally?
A: Alan Roger Mulally (born August 4, 1945) is an American engineer, business executive, and former President (corporate title) Mulally was the executive vice president of Boeing and the CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA). He started his career with Boeing as an engineer in 1969.

Q: What is Stainless steel?
A: is a part of St. Louis, Missouri's skyline.

Q: What is Japan Victor Company?
A: Japan Victor Company (Japanese: 日本ビクター株式会社, Nihon Bikutā Kabushiki-gaisha?) is known as JVC. It is a Japanese company making electronic devices for the domestic and professional markets.

Q: What is Emergency medicine?
A: Emergency Medicine is a specialty of medicine. A specialty is a special part of medicine where a doctor may have more knowledge.

Q: What is Oberkirch?
A: Oberkirch can mean: * Oberkirch (Baden), a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany * Oberkirch, Switzerland, a municipality in the canton of Lucerne, Switzerland

Q: What is Walter Kohn?
A: Walter Kohn (March 9, 1923 &ndash; April 19, 2016) was an Austrian-born American theoretical physicist of Jewish descent. He was awarded, with John Pople, the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1998.

Q: What is Precision Approach Path Indicator?
A: The Precision Approach Path Indicator (PAPI) is a visual system next to the touch-point on a runway. The purpose of the system is to lead a plane in correct approach.

Q: What is Boone's Lick Road?
A: The Boone's Lick Road or Boonslick Trail was an early 1800s transportation route. It went from eastern to central Missouri in the United States.

Q: What is Stan Dragoti?
A: Stanley John "Stan" Dragoti (October 4, 1932 &ndash; July 13, 2018) was an American movie director. He was born in New York City.

Q: What is Diyala Governorate?
A: Diyala () is a province in east of Iraq. Its area is .

Q: What is Jacksonville, Alabama?
A: Jacksonville is a city in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 14,385.

Q: What is Duval County, Florida?
A: Duval County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida.

Q: What is Statute of Kilkenny?
A: The Statute of Kilkenny were a set of laws made by the English in 1367 to try and save the English colony in Ireland. The laws were made by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Lionel of Antwerp, 1st Duke of Clarence.

Q: What is Brignogan-Plages?
A: Brignogan-Plages (or simply Brignogan; ) was a commune. It was found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Area code 767?
A: Area code 767 is a telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan. It covers the Commonwealth of Dominica, an island nation in the Caribbean Sea.

Q: What is Emperor Richū?
A: was the 17th traditional order of succession. Historians consider details about the life of Emperor Richū to be possibly legendary, but created for him posthumously by later generations.

Q: What is Manoella Torres?
A: Manoella Torres (born April 21, 1954) is an American singer and actress of Puerto Rican descent. Her career is based in Mexico City.

Q: What is Josef Mirschitzka?
A: Josef Mirschitzka (* 13 January 1914 in Vienna; † 25 May 1980 in Vienna) was an Austrian football player. He played mainly for SK Admira Wien.

Q: What is Galvanometer?
A: A galvanometer is a type of ammeter. It is an instrument for detecting and measuring electric current.

Q: What is Germaine Poliakov?
A: Germaine Poliakov (15 December 1918 — 19 February 2020) was an Ottoman-born French music teacher and Holocaust survivor. She went into hiding from the Gestapo in Beaulieu-sur-Dordogne, and worked as a teacher for a hidden colony of Jewish children.

Q: What is Sergio González?
A: Sergio González (born 10 November 1976) is a retired Spanish football player. He currently coaches RCD Espanyol.

Q: What is Douglas, Washington?
A: Douglas is an unincorporated community in Douglas County, Washington, United States. It was settled in 1883.

Q: What is Cette-Eygun?
A: Cette-Eygun (; ) is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France.

Q: What is Apple Valley, California?
A: Apple Valley is a town in San Bernardino County, California, United States. establishments in California in California in San Bernardino County, California

Q: What is Vertex figure?
A: In geometry, a vertex figure is the figure that results when the area around a vertex (corner) of a polyhedron or other kind of polytope is sliced off. The vertex figure of a polytope looks like a shape from the previous dimension.

Q: What is Rhinovirus?
A: Rhinovirus is the most common virus in humans, and the main cause of the common cold. It is called 'rhinovirus' because it infects the nose.

Q: What is Astrodynamics?
A: Astrodynamics is a part of physics that deals with movement in space. It is a branch of mechanics dealing with orbits.

Q: What is WAGR R class?
A: The WAGR R class were a total of 24 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1897 to 1953. All of the R class were built by Dübs & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland in several batches from 1896 to 1898.

Q: What is Area code 405?
A: Area code 405 is an area code created for Oklahoma. It was one of the first area codes created in October 1947.

Q: What is Cave of the Patriarchs massacre?
A: On February 25, 1994, Baruch Goldstein, an American-Israeli supporting the militant religious Zionist Kach party, shot Muslim worshipers in the Ibrahimi Mosque. 29 were killed

Q: What is Koloss?
A: Koloss is the seventh studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Meshuggah. It was released in March 2012 by Nuclear Blast, the band's record label.

Q: What is Greece?
A: Greece ( or ), officially the Hellenic Republic ( ), historically known as Hellas (), is a country mostly located in Southeastern Europe with small island territories in Asia. Its capital city is Athens.

Q: What is Barnstable County, Massachusetts?
A: Barnstable County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.

Q: What is Mollet del Vallès?
A: Mollet del Vallès is a municipality of 51,129 people (2021). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Q: What is Karl Bortoli?
A: Karl Bortoli ( October 4, 1912 – November 19, 2010) was an Austrian football player. As a defender at Vienna, he became Austrian champion three times from 1942 to 1944.

Q: What is Tel Aviv Stock Exchange?
A: The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE; ) is the central stock exchange of Israel. It is in Tel Aviv.

Q: What is Izuku Midoriya?
A: Izuku Midoriya is the main character from the manga and anime My Hero Academia. He is also known by his hero name Deku.

Q: What is Violet, Louisiana?
A: Violet is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is 1980 United States heat wave?
A: The 1980 United States heat wave was a period of strong heat and drought. It caused serious havoc and damage in the Southern Great Plains and much of the Midwestern United States during the summer of 1980.

Q: What is Board of guardians?
A: Boards of guardians ran the Poor Law system in England, Wales and Ireland from 1835 to 1930. They took over from parishes.

Q: What is University of Technology Sydney?
A: The University of Technology Sydney (UTS) is a public research university in Sydney, Australia. It was founded in 1988.

Q: What is Subalpine zone?
A: , Washington, USA The subalpine zone is the zone of plants just below tree line around the world. Species that occur in the zone vary according to where they are on the Earth.

Q: What is Winchester, Tennessee?
A: Winchester is a city in and the county seat of Franklin County, Tennessee The population of Winchester as of the 2020 census was 9,375.

Q: What is Bonney Lake, Washington?
A: Bonney Lake is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States. in Pierce County, Washington establishments in the United States establishments in Washington (state)

Q: What is Evening Prayer (Anglican)?
A: Evening Prayer (often called Evensong), in the Anglican Church, is the traditional service when people come to church to worship in the late afternoon or early evening. In cathedrals in Britain and in some of the old university chapels it is a service that is sung by a choir nearly every day of the week (there is usually one day of the week when there is no choir and everything is spoken).

Q: What is Gerhard Erasmus?
A: Merwe Gerhard Erasmus (born 11 May 1995) is a Namibian cricketer who was born in Windhoek. He is a right-handed batter, a right arm leg break bowler, and an occasional wicket-keeper.

Q: What is Leroy Colbert?
A: Leroy Colbert (May 9, 1933, New York, US – November 20, 2015, age 82) was an American professional bodybuilder. He was credited for being the first man to develop 21 inch arms ‘drug-free’.

Q: What is Holyoke, Massachusetts?
A: Holyoke is a city in southwestern Massachusetts. It is close to Springfield.

Q: What is Bacong?
A: Bacong is a municipality in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 41,207 people lived there.

Q: What is The Devoted Child (Rotta)?
A: The Devoted Child (also known as Il bambino devoto) is a 19th-century painted in oil by Antonio Rotta, in 1870, din Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Milwaukee Art Museum. The painting is exhibited at Milwaukee Art Museum of Milwaukee, in Wisconsin (United States).

Q: What is Edie Brickell?
A: Edie Arlisa Brickell (born March 10 1966) is an American singer and recording artist. She performs pop-rock music.

Q: What is Innokenty Smoktunovsky?
A: Innokenty Smoktunovsky (28 March 1925 – 3 August 1994) was a Soviet actor. During the Second World War, he served in the Red Army, but was captured.

Q: What is Song Jae-ho?
A: Song Jae-ho (born Song Jae-eon; March 10, 1937 – November 7, 2020) was a South Korean actor. He made his acting debut in 1959.

Q: What is Stanford torus?
A: A Stanford torus is a hypothetical space habitat concept in the shape of a wheel of a size range with a capacity for 10,000 people living in it, and a few more visitors, with a similar population density to a typical inner suburb. It was proposed by NASA in 1975.

Q: What is Reliance Jio?
A: Jio is an Indian telecommunications company and subsidiary of Reliance Industries Limited, headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. Jio is the largest mobile network operator in India, with over 450 million subscribers as of 2023, and has expanded its offerings to include fiber broadband, 5G services, and a range of digital services.

Q: What is 2024–25 Premier League?
A: The 2024–25 Premier League is the 33rd season of the Premier League and the 126th season of top-flight English football overall. To help with the busy schedule over Christmas and New Year, clubs will get more rest time.

Q: What is Marvel Studios Special Presentations?
A: Marvel Studios Special Presentations are a series of television specials based on Marvel Comics characters. Set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and produced by Marvel Studios, the specials are released on Disney+.

Q: What is Schaan?
A: Schaan () is the largest city of Liechtenstein by population and area. It is located to the north of Vaduz, the capital, in the central part of the country.

Q: What is DXEV-DTV?
A: DXEV-DTV, Channel 20, is a commercial television station of Philippine television network A2Z. It is owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network and operated under blocktime agreement by ABS-CBN Corporation.

Q: What is Delonix regia?
A: Delonix regia is a species of flowering plant from Madagascar. It is known for its fern-like leaves and orange-red flowers.

Q: What is Boxer?
A: Boxer or boxers might mean: *A person who practices the sport of boxing *Boxer (dog), a dog breed *Boxer (Animal Farm), a character in the book Animal Farm *Boxer briefs, a type of underwear *Boxer shorts, a type of underwear *Boxer Rebellion, a conflict in China in 1899 and 1900

Q: What is List of Danish painters?
A: This is a list of noted or famous Danish painters. (The list is sorted by when they died; those who are alive, are farther down the list.) * Carl Bloch (d.

Q: What is Baqubah?
A: Baqubah (; BGN: Ba‘qūbah; also spelled Baquba and Baqouba) is the capital of Iraq's Diyala Governorate. The city is located some to the northeast of Baghdad, on the Diyala River.

Q: What is Stroud Green railway station?
A: Stroud Green (Not to be confused with Stroud) is a railway station in the North of London along the East Coast Mainline (ECML). The stations main purpose is to serve commuters in the area a connection to the major London terminus of King's Cross.

Q: What is Christian Tumi?
A: Christian Wiyghan Tumi (15 October 1930 – 2 April 2021) was a Cameroonian Cardinal Priest and the Archbishop Emeritus of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Douala Tumi died on 2 April 2021, aged 90.

Q: What is Himalchuli?
A: Himalchuli is a mountain in Nepal. It is a mountain in a Mountain range called Himalayas.

Q: What is Akira Yamaoka?
A: is a Japanese video game composer, sound designer, guitarist, and producer. He is best known for composing music for the Silent Hill video game series and Silent Hill movies.

Q: What is Alor Setar?
A: Alor Setar, also known as Alor Star, is the capital of the Malaysian state of Kedah, and it is the second largest city in kedah behind sungai petani. It is where two important Malaysian prime ministers were born: Tunku Abdul Rahman, the first prime minister (1957-1970), and Mahathir Mohamad, the longest-serving prime minister (1981-2003, 2018-2020).

Q: What is Mike Connors?
A: Mike Connors (born Krekor J. Ohanian; August 15, 1925 &ndash; January 26, 2017) was an American actor.

Q: What is Esbjerg fB?
A: Esbjerg forenede Boldklubber (; also known as Esbjerg&nbsp;fB or EfB in short) is a professional football club. They are in Esbjerg, West Jutland, Denmark.

Q: What is ISG Business School?
A: Institut supérieur de gestion, commonly named ISG, is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in three places, in Paris (France), in New-York (USA) and in Tokyo (Japan).

Q: What is Hickman County?
A: Hickman County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Hickman County, Kentucky * Hickman County, Tennessee

Q: What is Monflanquin?
A: Monflanquin is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwestern France. It used to be a bastide.

Q: What is Costinha?
A: Costinha (born 1 December 1974) is a former Portuguese football player. He has played for Portugal national team.

Q: What is Belmont, North Carolina?
A: Belmont is a small suburban city in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is about east of Gastonia.

Q: What is William Hurt?
A: William McChord Hurt (March 20, 1950 &ndash; March 13, 2022) was an American actor. He won an Academy Award in 1985 for his work in the movie movie Kiss of the Spider Woman.

Q: What is Fernando Pereira (major)?
A: Fernando "Cobo" Pereira is a major in the military of São Tomé and Príncipe. He led a coup against the elected government of Fradique de Menezes on July 16, 2003.

Q: What is Nashville Star?
A: Nashville Star is an American reality television singing competition program that aired for six seasons, from 2003 to 2008. Its first five seasons aired on USA Network, while the last season aired on NBC.

Q: What is Major (rank)?
A: Major is a rank that is given for a mid-level command officer (higher than the rank of Captain and lower than the rank of Lieutenant Colonel). In Canada, it is shown by a thick bar followed by a thin bar and again by a thick bar.

Q: What is Chernóbil, la noche del fin del mundo?
A: , Ukraine. Chernóbil, la noche del fin del mundo () is a Spanish documentary.

Q: What is Yoda?
A: Yoda is a fictional character in the Star Wars fictional universe. He is a Grand Jedi Master who plays an important part in the films.

Q: What is Rodgau?
A: Rodgau is a city in the Offenbach Rural District in the state of Hesse, Germany. It is the largest city of the district by area and by population as well.

Q: What is Yiddish?
A: Yiddish is a language spoken by some Jews. It is a dialect of German that Jews began speaking in 11th-century Europe.

Q: What is Birthday (song)?
A: "Birthday" is a song by American pop singer-songwriter Katy Perry. It is the third track from her fourth studio album, Prism (2013).

Q: What is International Society for Krishna Consciousness?
A: The International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) is a newer religious movement based on the original Vedic culture of ancient India. It is also known as 'the Hare Krishna' movement.

Q: What is Mr. Lordi?
A: Mr. Lordi (born 15 February 1974) is a Finnish musician, painter and graphic designer.

Q: What is Buffalo Bandits?
A: The Buffalo Bandits is a professional box lacrosse team in Buffalo, New York. It plays in the East Division of the National Lacrosse League.

Q: What is Kirovabad pogrom?
A: The Kirovabad pogrom was an attack by Azeris against the targeted Armenian population living in the Azerbaijani town of Kirovabad in November 1988. It is estimated that at least 130 people were killed.

Q: What is Mareike Miller?
A: Mareike Miller (born 3 August 1990) is a German wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

Q: What is Victorian Labor Party?
A: The Australian Labor Party (Victorian Branch), commonly known as Victorian Labor, is the Victorian branch of the Australian Labor Party, a centre-left social democratic political party in Australia. It is currently in Government.

Q: What is Mount Harriet?
A: Mount Harriet may refer to: * A hill on the Andaman Islands which was formerly called Mount Manipur * A hill on the Falkland islands at the centre of the Battle of Mount Harriet

Q: What is Louis Braille?
A: Louis Braille (4 January 1809 - 6 January 1852) was a French inventor. He was born in Coupvray.

Q: What is Peter Marcuse?
A: Peter Marcuse (November 13, 1928 – March 4, 2022) was a German-born American lawyer. He was a professor emeritus of urban planning at the University of California, Los Angeles and Columbia University.

Q: What is Let's Get It Up?
A: "Let's Get It Up" is a 1981 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It is the lead single from their eighth studio album For Those About to Rock We Salute You.

Q: What is Venerable?
A: image of the Venerable Father Samuel Mazzuchelli in St. Raphael's Cathedral, Dubuque, Iowa.

Q: What is Crewe?
A: Crewe is a railway town in the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It is in the borough of Cheshire East.

Q: What is Guyencourt-Saulcourt?
A: Guyencourt-Saulcourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Q: What is Jive Software?
A: Jive Software is a company that provides communication and collaboration software for businesses. It was founded in 2001 and is now a part of Aurea Software.

Q: What is Dolores Umbridge?
A: Dolores Jane Umbridge is a fictional character from the Harry Potter series created by J.K. Rowling.

Q: What is Damián Iguacén Borau?
A: Damián Iguacén Borau (12 February 1916 – 24 November 2020) was a Spanish Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. When he died he was the oldest Catholic bishop in the world.

Q: What is Asami Sato?
A: is a major character in the Nickelodeon animated television series The Legend of Korra, which aired from 2012 to 2014. The character and the series, a sequel to Avatar: The Last Airbender, were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.

Q: What is Bichlbach?
A: Bichlbach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. In 2020, 788 people lived there.

Q: What is Shikabala?
A: Mahmoud Abdel Razek Fadlallah (; born 5 March 1986), or Shikabala () is an Egyptian footballer. He plays for Al-Raed FC on loan from Zamalek.

Q: What is Hartsville, Tennessee?
A: Hartsville is a town in Trousdale County, Tennessee, United States. It is the county seat of Trousdale County, Tennessee

Q: What is Mad scientist?
A: mad scientist. Many people think about something like this when they hear or see the word "mad scientist".

Q: What is Invisible Children?
A: Invisible Children is an organization that aims to help child soldiers in Africa. It was founded in 2004.

Q: What is Squeeze Me In?
A: "Squeeze Me In" is a song by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released in February 2, 2002 as the second single from his eighth studio album Scarecrow.

Q: What is Noah?
A: of Noah sending the dove Noah (meaning rest or comfort) is a man in the Abrahamic religions. He was the son of Lamech, and the father of sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.

Q: What is Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)?
A: "Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)" is a 1967 song by Kenny Rogers featuring Kenny Rogers and The First Edition. It went to number 5 in the United States.

Q: What is Ink cartridge?
A: :See cartridge for other meanings An ink cartridge is a small container that contains ink. The manufacturers of Inkjet printers use special cartidges for their printers.

Q: What is Long Day's Journey into Night?
A: Long Day's Journey into Night is a tragedy play in four acts written by American playwright Eugene O'Neill in 1941–42, first published in 1956. The play is seen to be his best work and one of the best American plays of the 20th century.

Q: What is Yummy (Justin Bieber song)?
A: "Yummy" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on January 3, 2020, along with a lyric video through Def Jam Recordings as the lead single from his upcoming fifth studio album.

Q: What is Fangchengbao Bao 8?
A: The Fangchengbao Bao 8 also known in english sources as the Fangchengbao Bao Leopard 8 is a luxury off-road Plug-in hybrid full-size SUV made by Fangchengbao a brand of BYD since 2024.

Q: What is Smolensk Oblast?
A: Smolensk Oblast (, Smolenskaya oblast; informal name — Smolenschina ()) is a federal subject of Russia. Specifically, it is an oblast.

Q: What is Ali Raza?
A: Ali Raza (born 28 May 1987) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who plays for Faisalabad cricket team.

Q: What is Nikolai Ivanov?
A: Nikolai Nikolaevich Ivanov (22 January 1943 &ndash; 11 December 2020) was a Russian actor. He was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union.

Q: What is Fiji at the Olympics?
A: Fiji was at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, Korea. The Fiji Association of Sports and National Olympic Committee was formed in 1949 and recognized by the IOC in 1955.

Q: What is Jason Chaffetz?
A: Jason E Chaffetz (; born March 26, 1967) was the U.S. representative for .

Q: What is SEPECAT Jaguar?
A: {| |} The SEPECAT Jaguar is a twin-turbojet military aircraft. It was designed and built as an attack aircraft, also used as a training aircraft.

Q: What is Mount Hermon?
A: Mount Hermon (, ', "Mountain of the Chief"; , ', "Mount Hermon") is a very high mountain cluster in the Anti-lebanon

Q: What is Grandrieux?
A: Grandrieux is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is Jillian Williams?
A: Jillian Williams (born March 5, 1997) is an American sitting volleyball player. She competed at the 2018 World ParaVolley World Championships, and 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Q: What is Terracotta Army?
A: The Terracotta Army is the buried army of Qin Shi Huang, an ancient Chinese emperor. These ancient sculptures were built and buried over two thousand years ago near the city of Xi'an.

Q: What is Bydgoszcz?
A: Bydgoszcz (, ) is a city in the north of Poland, capital of Kujavia-Pomerania voivodship, on the Brda and Wisła rivers. As of 2020, 345 000 people live there.

Q: What is Radebeul?
A: Radebeul is a town (große Kreisstadt) in the district of Meißen in Saxony, Germany, a suburb of Dresden. The Meißen area, where Radebeul is located, is one of the northeasternmost areas where wine is grown today.

Q: What is Promiscuous (song)?
A: Promiscuous (song) is a hit song by music artist, Nelly Furtado. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/49th-annual-grammy-awards-nominee-list/ songs Furtado songs songs

Q: What is Wii Sports Resort?
A: Wii Sports Resort is a sports video game for the Wii. It is a sequel to Wii Sports and was released in Summer 2009.

Q: What is Epistaxis?
A: Epistaxis is when blood comes out of the nose. It is more commonly known as a nosebleed in the very easy-known form.

Q: What is Imbabura Volcano?
A: Imbabura is an inactive stratovolcano in northern Ecuador. It has not erupted for at least 14,000&nbsp;years, it is not thought to be extinct.

Q: What is Zack & Quack?
A: Zack & Quack is an animated children's television series created by Scooby Gili Dolev and Yvette Kaplan and produced by Zodiak Media. The show premiered on Nick Jr.

Q: What is Dhadkan?
A: Dhadkan () is a Bollywood romantic drama movie directed by Dharmesh Darshan. The movie has Akshay Kumar, Shilpa Shetty, Sunil Shetty and Mahima Chaudhry in the main roles.

Q: What is Commodity?
A: Commodity is a term with distinct meanings in both business and in Marxian political economy. For the former, it is a product, that is traded solely on the basis of price.

Q: What is Sengunthar?
A: Sengunthar is a caste from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. They are also known as Kaikolar and use Mudaliar as title.

Q: What is Jack Blessing?
A: Jack Blessing (July 29, 1951 &ndash; November 14, 2017) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as MacGillicuddy on Moonlighting and as Jack Powers in the sitcom George Lopez.

Q: What is The Hives?
A: The Hives are a Swedish rock band that started in 1993 but rose to fame in the early 2000s as a leading group of the garage rock revival, playing garage punk. Their breakthrough came with the release of the "best-of" compilation Your New Favourite Band, featuring their most commercially successful song "Hate to Say I Told You So".

Q: What is Krøyer's deep sea angler fish?
A: Krøyer's deep sea angler fish (Ceratias holboelli) is a species of fish in the family Ceratiidae, the sea devils. This deep-sea anglerfish is found in all oceans, at depths of 0 to 4,400 m (0 to 14,436 ft), but mainly between 400 and 2,000 m (1,300 and 6,600 ft).

Q: What is Defacement (flag)?
A: The flag of New Zealand, a defaced British Blue Ensign. In vexillology, defacement is the addition of a symbol or charge to a flag.

Q: What is Murder of Abby Choi?
A: A 28-year-old Hong Kong woman named Abby Choi was found murdered on 24 February 2023. She was a model and internet celebrity.

Q: What is Justice Party (South Korea)?
A: The Justice Party () is a left-liberal and social democratic political party in South Korea. It was founded on 21 October 2012 when it split from the Unified Progressive Party.

Q: What is Columbia County, Florida?
A: Columbia County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida.

Q: What is Good Life (OneRepublic song)?
A: "Good Life" is a 2010 song by American pop rock band OneRepublic and is taken from their second studio album Waking Up (2009). It went to number 5 in Canada, number 8 in Luxembourg and the United States, number 9 in Austria, number 14 in Switzerland, number 19 in Denmark and Germany, number 22 in New Zealand, number 25 in the Netherlands, number 41 in Ireland and Sweden and number 47 in Italy.

Q: What is Let's Play in the World?
A: Let's Play in the World () is a 1971 Argentine musical comedy movie directed by María Herminia Avellaneda and starring Rodolfo Machado, Eva Franco, María Elena Walsh, Perla Santalla, Jorge Mayor, Hugo Caprera.

Q: What is Gambsheim?
A: Gambsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Q: What is Viana do Castelo District?
A: The District of Viana do Castelo () is in northwest Portugal. The district capital is the city of Viana do Castelo.

Q: What is Juan Manuel Lebrero Morillo?
A: Juan Manuel Lebrero Morillo (born October 22, 1969 in Sevilla) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: He is a T44 type athlete.

Q: What is Tommys?
A: Tommys is a dansband from Vaasa. It was established in 1980.

Q: What is The Informer (movie)?
A: The Informer is a 1935 American crime drama movie directed by John Ford and is the second adaption of the 1925 novel of the same name by Liam O'Flaherty. It stars Victor McLaglen, Heather Angel, Preston Foster, Margot Grahame, Wallace Ford, Una O'Connor, Francis Ford and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.

Q: What is Moulines, Calvados?
A: Moulines is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is José Augusto Martins Fernandes Pedreira?
A: José Augusto Martins Fernandes Pedreira (10 April 1935 &ndash; 14 October 2020) was a Portuguese Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Valença, Portugal.

Q: What is Pepper spray?
A: Pepper spray (also called OC spray, from Oleoresin capsicum) is a spray used for self-defence, by spraying it into an attacker's face. It makes eyes water and causes intense pain, sometimes even leading to temporary blindness.

Q: What is Sakuragichō Station?
A: Sakuragichō Station () is a railway station of JR East, Yokohama Municipal Subway in Naka-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.

Q: What is Ljubljana Zoo?
A: Ljubljana Zoo () is a zoo in Ljubljana, Slovenia. The zoo covers .

Q: What is Ursula Hess?
A: Ursula Hess (born 7 August 1946) is a retired Swiss archer. Hess competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Ab Anarak?
A: Ab Anarak (, also Romanized as Āb Ānārak; also known as Āb-e Nārow and Ābrow) is a village in Horgan Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.

Q: What is Division of Curtin?
A: The Division of Curtin is an 1928 to 1945. It covers the beachside suburbs of Perth, including Claremont, Cottesloe, Mosman Park, Nedlands, Subiaco and Swanbourne, Western Australia

Q: What is Istres?
A: Istres is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the south of France. About 45,000 people live there.

Q: What is Jean-François Garreaud?
A: Jean-François Garreaud (1 April 1946 – 9 July 2020) was a French actor. Garreaud was born in Montmorency, Val-d'Oise, France.

Q: What is Maidan Shar attack?
A: On 21 January 2019, in central Afghanistan, the Taliban attacked a military compound in Maidan Shar, Maidan Wardak Province. The attack killed soldiers of the Afghan National Security Forces.

Q: What is Namvar Singh?
A: Namvar Singh (28 July 1926 – 19 February 2019) was an Indian literary critic, linguist, academician and theoretician. He was a professor of Hindi literature in several other universities.

Q: What is Alex Avila?
A: Alexander Thomas "Alex" Avila (born January 29, 1987) is an American professional baseball player. He plays catcher for the Minnesota Twins.

Q: What is Rio Grande do Norte?
A: Rio Grande do Norte is one of the 26 states of Brazil. It is in the northeastern part of the country.

Q: What is Sultan Ahmed?
A: Sultan Ahmed (Bengali: সুলতান আহমেদ) (6 June 1953 – 4 September 2017) was an Indian politician. He was born in Kolkata, India.

Q: What is McMuffin?
A: from McDonald's A McMuffin is a breakfast sandwich from McDonald's, a popular fast food chain. The main one is the Egg McMuffin, made by Herb Peterson in 1972.

Q: What is Assassins (1995 movie)?
A: Assassins is a 1995 American French action movie directed by Richard Donner and starring Sylvester Stallone, Antonio Banderas, Julianne Moore, Muse Waston, Steve Kahan, Kai Wulff, Toby Huss. It was distributed by Warner Bros.

Q: What is Barbara-Rose Collins?
A: Barbara-Rose Collins (April 13, 1939 – November 4, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. She was the first black woman from Michigan to be elected to Congress.

Q: What is Demarest, New Jersey?
A: Demarest is a borough in Harrington Township and Demarest train station. The station been named for Ralph S.

Q: What is Keisha Castle-Hughes?
A: Keisha Castle-Hughes (born 24 March 1990) is an Australian-born New Zealand actress. She started her career in 2001.

Q: What is The House of Lies (1916 movie)?
A: The House of Lies is a 1916 American silent drama movie directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Edna Goodrich, Juan de la Cruz, Kathleen Kirkham, Lucille Ward, Herbert Standing. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Q: What is Mamaroneck (village), New York?
A: Mamaroneck is a village in Westchester County, town of Mamaroneck and partially within the town of Rye. The portion in Rye is unofficially called "Rye Neck".

Q: What is Bunsen Is a Beast?
A: Bunsen is a Beast is an American comedy animated Television Series created by Butch Hartman for Nickelodeon aired in January 16, 2017 to February 10, 2018. It revolves around a small eccentric monster named Bunsen who begins attending a middle school that previously only admitted humans.

Q: What is Alice Bel Colle?
A: Alice Bel Colle is a comune in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy. in Alessandria

Q: What is Puncknowle?
A: Puncknowle is a village in Southwest Dorset, England, United Kingdom. In 2001, 491 people lived in it.

Q: What is Ottana?
A: Ottana (Otzàna) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,307 people lived there.

Q: What is Dick Dale?
A: Richard Anthony Monsour (May 4, 1937 – March 16, 2019), known professionally as Dick Dale, was an American rock guitarist. He was known as "The King of the Surf Guitar", which was also the title of his second studio album.

Q: What is President of Myanmar?
A: The president of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar () is the head of state and head of government of Myanmar. The president is elected by members of parliament, not by the general population.

Q: What is Squidbillies?
A: Squidbillies is a cartoon series on the Adult Swim block of the Cartoon Network. It is about a poor family of squids living in the Appalachian region.

Q: What is Manneville-la-Pipard?
A: Manneville-la-Pipard is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Waqar Ahmed Seth?
A: Waqar Ahmed Seth (16 March 1961 &ndash; 12 November 2020) was a Pakistani politician and lawyer. He was the Chief Justice of Peshawar High Court from 28 June 2018 until his death.

Q: What is Carolingian Empire?
A: Carolingian Empire (800–888) is a historiographical term for the kingdom of the Franks under the Carolingian dynasty in the Early Middle Ages. The dynasty is seen as the predecessor of modern-day France, Austria and Germany.

Q: What is X-Men?
A: The X-Men, are a team of fictional characters and superheroes who were born with special mutant powers, making them different from regular humans. The X-Men characters are owned by Marvel Comics, which publishes comic books featuring them as well as many other superheroes.

Q: What is Watatsumi Shrine (Kobe)?
A: is a Shinto shrine in Kobe Japan founded by Empress Jingū According to legend, Empress Jingū was nearly shipwrecked but managed to survive thanks to praying to Watatsumi, and she made the Akashi Shrine to honor him. At the same time, she also established Ikasuri Shrine and Ikuta Shrine.

Q: What is Walk Like an Egyptian?
A: "Walk Like an Egyptian" is a 1986 song by The Bangles and taken from their second album Different Light. It went to number 1 in the United States, Australia, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, South Africa, Spain and number 2 in New Zealand, number 3 in the United States, number 6 in Austria and number 8 in Switzerland.

Q: What is ARKive?
A: ARKive was a data system to help conserve the world's threatened species. It used "the power of wildlife imagery", The archive has films, photographs and audio recordings of the world's species in a centralised Digital data The project was an initiative of Wildscreen, a UK-registered educational charity, based in Bristol.

Q: What is Sakta?
A: Sakta is a neighbourhood of Ózd, located next to Bánszállás. As of 2023, this area is abandoned and has no inhabitants.

Q: What is Yehya Bundhun?
A: Yehya Bundhun (born 25 January 1965) is an archer from Mauritius. Bundhun competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Beauty of Loulan?
A: The Beauty of Loulan (楼兰美女) or Loulan Beauty (Other aliases: Loulan middle-aged woman(楼兰長女)) is the preserved dead body of a woman who lived about 4000 years ago, during the Bronze Age. She was found on April 1, 1980 near the Silk Road in the Xinjiang region of China, by Chinese archaeologists Mu Sun-ing (穆舜英) and members of the Archaeological Institute of the Xinjiang Academy of Social Sciences.

Q: What is Most Haunted Live!?
A: Most Haunted Live is a British paranormal television program based on investigating possible paranormal activity. It is shown on the satellite and cable channels Living, Living2 and Virgin 1 (Formerly Ftn), mainly for the UK market.

Q: What is Modernist literature?
A: Modernist literature is the literary form of modernism. It does not mean "modern" in the sense of recent in time.

Q: What is Melisende, Queen of Jerusalem?
A: Melisende ( 1110 – 11 September 1161) was the queen of Jerusalem from 1131 to 1152. She was the first female ruler of the Kingdom of Jerusalem and the first woman to hold a public office in the crusader kingdom.

Q: What is Kim Geun-chol?
A: Kim Geun-Chol (born 24 June 1983) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

Q: What is Slovenia?
A: Slovenia is a country in the region of Central Europe. The capital and largest city of Slovenia is Ljubljana.

Q: What is Acácio (footballer)?
A: Acácio Cordeiro Barreto (born 20 January 1959), commonly known as Acácio, is a Brazilian football manager and former player. As a player, he played as a goalkeeper for Tirsense, and capped seven times for Brazil national football team

Q: What is Kusuma Wardhani?
A: Kusuma Wardhani is a retired Indonesian archer. She was born on 20 February 1964.

Q: What is Gambarana?
A: Gambarana is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Istat. Gambarana is next to these municipalities: Bassignana, Frascarolo, Isola Sant'Antonio, Mede, Pieve del Cairo, Suardi.

Q: What is 2026 Illinois gubernatorial election?
A: The 2026 Illinois gubernatorial election will be held on November 3, 2026, to elect the Governor of Illinois. Incumbent Lieutenant Governor Juliana Stratton, who ran with Pritzker in both 2018 and 2022, is running for U.S.

Q: What is Alexei Nikolaevich, Tsarevich of Russia?
A: Alexei Nikolaevich (; – 17 July 1918) was the last Russian tsesarevich (heir apparent). He was the youngest child and only son of Tsar Nicholas II and Empress Alexandra Feodorovna.

Q: What is Electoral district of Giles?
A: Giles is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Q: What is Millook?
A: Millook is a place on the north coast of Cornwall. It has these remarkable cliffs.

Q: What is Commensurability?
A: Commensurability is a concept in the philosophy of science. Scientific theories are described as commensurable if one can compare them to find out which is more accurate.

Q: What is Claudio Gentile?
A: Claudio Gentile (born 27 September 1953) is a former Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team.

Q: What is Mads Mikkelsen?
A: Mads Dittmann Mikkelsen (born 22 November 1965) is a Danish actor. He is best known for his roles in the movies King Arthur (2004), Casino Royale (2006), Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky (2009), The Hunt (2012) and Doctor Strange and Rogue One (both 2016).

Q: What is Paul Newman?
A: Paul Leonard Newman (January 26, 1925 – September 26, 2008) was an American actor, movie director, race car driver, philanthropist, and entrepreneur. He was born in Cleveland Heights, Ohio.

Q: What is Division of Fadden?
A: The Division of Fadden is an Gold Coast area, including Alberton, Arundel, Biggera Waters, Coombabah, Coomera, Gaven, Gilberton, Helensvale, Hollywell, Hope Island, Jacobs Well, Labrador, Molendinar, Norwell, Paradise Point, Parkwood, Runaway Bay, Stapylton, Steiglitz, Woongoolba and parts of Ormeau, Oxenford, Pacific Pines, Pimpama and Southport. South Stradbroke Island, Queensland

Q: What is Ivanka Trump?
A: Ivana Marie "Ivanka" Trump (born October 30, 1981) is an American businesswoman, socialite and political advisor. She is the second child of Donald Trump, the 45th and 47th president and his first wife Ivana Trump.

Q: What is Tamarugal Province?
A: Tamarugal () is one of two provinces in the northern Chilean region of Tarapacá (I). The capital is the city of Pozo Almonte.

Q: What is Vital record?
A: Vital records are records of life events. They include birth certificates, marriage licenses, and death certificates.

Q: What is Tautumeitas?
A: Tautumeitas are an Latvian all-female folk band founded in 2015. The band has six members.

Q: What is Imperial Japanese Army?
A: , also known as the IJA, was the army of Imperial Japan from 1868 to 1945. The army was under the command of Emperor Meiji from 1868-1912, Emperor Taishō from 1912-1926, Emperor Hirohito from 1926-1945, and Hideki Tōjō from 1884-1948.

Q: What is Timini Egbuson?
A: Timini Egbuson (born 10 June 1987) is a Nigerian actor and media personality. He won the 2020 Africa Magic Viewers' Choice Awards Best Actor in a Drama.

Q: What is Arthur Lehning?
A: Paul Arthur Müller-Lehning (23 October 1899 &ndash; 1 January 2000) was a Dutch writer, historian and anarchist. He was born in Utrecht.

Q: What is Kimberly Exner?
A: Kimberly Exner (born 16 July 1977) is a Canadian volleyball player. She is part of the Canadian women's national volleyball team.

Q: What is Habsheim?
A: Habsheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Q: What is Feuerthalen?
A: Feuerthalen is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. Langwiesen also belongs to the same municipality.

Q: What is Garris?
A: Garris is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France. Garris

Q: What is Péter Haumann?
A: Péter Haumann (17 May 1941 – 28 May 2022) was a Hungarian actor. He appeared in more than one hundred movies.

Q: What is NYC Ghosts & Flowers?
A: NYC Ghosts & Flowers is the 11th album by Sonic Youth. It received highly polarizing reviews from critics.

Q: What is 1980 Turkish coup d'état?
A: 1980 Turkish coup d’état is the third coup in the history of Republic of Turkey led by Kenan Evren, which overthrew the 1980 government of Turkey. Before the 1980 coup d'état, there were two other coups carried out in 1960 and 1971.

Q: What is Plastic wrap?
A: Plastic wrap (also cling wrap, food wrap, or clingfilm) is a thin plastic material. It is used for sealing food in containers.

Q: What is Szilárd Bogdánffy?
A: Szilárd Ignác Bogdánffy (21 February 1911 – 3 October 1953) was a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of Satu Mare and Oradea of the Latins. On October 30, 2010 he was proclaimed blessed in a ceremony held in St.

Q: What is Australian Open?
A: The Australian Open is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments. It is the first one of the year.

Q: What is Everglades?
A: , the Everglades, Big Cypress National Preserve, the South Florida Metropolitan Area, the Ten Thousand Islands, and Florida Bay. s flourish on cypress trees as a Great Egret passes.

Q: What is Transistor computer?
A: A transistor computer, now often called a second generation computer, is a computer which uses individual transistors instead of vacuum tubes. The first generation of electronic computers used vacuum tubes, which were big, unreliable, and generated large amounts of heat.

Q: What is Esprels?
A: Esprels is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Nikolai Vavilov?
A: Nikolai Ivanovich Vavilov (25 November 1887 – 26 January 1943) was a Russian botanist and geneticist. He is best known for showing how and where crop plants evolved.

Q: What is Jacksonville International Airport?
A: Jacksonville International Airport (IATA: JAX, ICAO: KJAX, FAA LID: JAX), is the primary international airport serving northeast Florida. The airport is located 15 miles north of downtown Jacksonville.

Q: What is Dan Coats?
A: Daniel Ray "Dan" Coats (born May 16, 1943) is an American politician. Coats is the 5th and current Director of National Intelligence serving since March 15, 2017.

Q: What is Tourreilles?
A: Tourreilles is a commune of 127 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Q: What is Whip (instrument)?
A: In music, a whip or slapstick is a percussion instrument. It consists of two pieces of wood joined by a hinge.

Q: What is Spain national under-21 football team?
A: The Spain national under-21 football team are the under-21s of Spain. It is currently controlled by the Royal Spanish Football Federation.

Q: What is Düren?
A: Düren (Ripuarian: Düre, Low Franconian: Dürre or Dure) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is between Cologne and Aachen.

Q: What is La Ferrière, Vendée?
A: La Ferrière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Q: What is Capital gain?
A: A capital gain is money earned by selling property to people or investing in something in hope of getting money. An example would be money earned by selling stocks or goods to investors.

Q: What is Dhaka Tribune?
A: The Dhaka Tribune is a Bangladeshi English-language daily newspaper based in Dhaka, Bangladesh.The Newspaper founded on 2013.

Q: What is Hydrogenation?
A: Hydrogenation is the process of adding hydrogen to organic compounds. It is done to alkenes.

Q: What is Saint-Martin-d'Auxigny?
A: Saint-Martin-d&#39;Auxigny is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France.

Q: What is Perm (hairstyle)?
A: A permanent wave, commonly called a perm, is the chemical treatment of hair to produce curls. The first chemical treatment for curling hair that was suitable for use on people was invented in the year 1906 by the German hairdresser Karl Nessler (1872-1951).

Q: What is Queen?
A: , queen of Great Britain and Ireland from 1837 to 1901. A queen is a woman who rules a country which is a monarchy.

Q: What is Gray iron?
A: Gray iron or gray cast iron is a mixture of cast iron and graphite. It is used in cookware and combustion cylinders.

Q: What is Radcliffe Line?
A: The Radcliffe Line became the international border between India and Pakistan (which also included what is now Bangladesh) during the partition of India. The line divided Bengal into Indian held West Bengal and East Bengal which became East Pakistan in 1956.

Q: What is Javier Perez-Capdevila?
A: Javier Perez-Capdevila (born February 7, 1963) is a Cuban scientist, mathematician and professor. births people scientists

Q: What is Kansas's 3rd congressional district?
A: Kansas's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Kansas.

Q: What is Euclidean space?
A: Euclidean space is the space Euclidean geometry uses. In essence, it is described in Euclid's Elements.

Q: What is Deerhoof?
A: Deerhoof is a noise pop band. It was started in San Francisco in 1994 by Rob Fisk and Greg Saunier.

Q: What is Willits, California?
A: Willits (formerly Little Lake and Willitsville) is a city in Mendocino County, California, United States. Willits is north-northwest of Ukiah, California

Q: What is Walberswick?
A: Walberswick is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 299 people living in Walberswick.

Q: What is Armand (singer)?
A: Herman George van Loenhout (10 April 1946 &ndash; 19 November 2015), better known as Armand, was a Dutch protest singer. He was born in Eindhoven.

Q: What is Duke of Nemours?
A: The title of Duke of Nemours was originally given to a French family of minor nobility. It was originally a small lordship.

Q: What is WAGR Eca class?
A: The WAGR Eca class were a total of 9 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1920 to 1925. The Eca class were the result of reducing the weight of the Ec class 4-6-2 heavy-duty goods engines to run on lighter-laid lines that required more motive power.

Q: What is Bill Groman?
A: William Frederick Groman (July 17, 1936 – June 17, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a wide receiver in the American Football League (AFL).

Q: What is Renin?
A: Renin is an enzyme that is made by the kidneys. It is released into the circulatory system to raise blood pressure.

Q: What is Renal cell carcinoma?
A: Renal cell carcinoma is a type of renal cancer (cancer of the kidneys). If it is found early, it can often be cured.

Q: What is The New Quiz Kids?
A: The New Quiz Kids is a Canadian teen game show television series that was based on the 1950s American game show Quiz Kids. It was originally aired on Global Television Network from 1978 to 1979, produced in association with RKO Television and Columbia Pictures.

Q: What is 2020 Labour Party leadership election (UK)?
A: The 2020 Labour Party leadership election was held between (21 February – 4 April 2020) to elect a leader to replace Jeremy Corbyn. On 13 December 2019, Corbyn announced that he would not lead the Labour Party into the next general election, following the party's poor performance in the December 2019 election.

Q: What is Provisional government?
A: A provisional government is a government set up in an emergency when a political void has been created by the collapse of a government. They are usually unelected and tend to arise after civil or foreign wars.

Q: What is Terrehault?
A: Terrehault is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Crush (Mandy Moore song)?
A: "Crush" is a 2001 song by Mandy Moore. It is the second single from her second studio album Mandy Moore.

Q: What is Caroline of Ansbach?
A: Caroline of Brandenburg-Ansbach (Wilhelmina Charlotte Caroline; 1 March 1683&nbsp;– 20 November 1737) was the wife of George II of Great Britain. During her time as queen consort she had a lot of power.

Q: What is Tim Severin?
A: Tim Severin (25 September 1940 &ndash; 18 December 2020) was a British explorer, historian and writer. Severin was awarded both the Gold Medal of the Royal Geographical Society and the Livingstone Medal of the Royal Scottish Geographical Society.

Q: What is Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark (movie)?
A: Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark is a 2019 American horror movie directed by André Øvredal. It is based on the children's book series of the same name by Alvin Schwartz.

Q: What is Landsberg (district)?
A: Landsberg am Lech is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in the south of Bavaria, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Aichach-Friedberg, Fürstenfeldbruck Rural District, Starnberg Rural District, Weilheim-Schongau, Ostallgäu and Augsburg (district); Landsberg am Lech is the capital of Landsberg (district).

Q: What is Pope Alexander IV?
A: Pope Alexander IV (; c. 1185 – 25 May 1261), born Rinaldo Conti di Segni, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church.

Q: What is Yilian Olivera Yut?
A: Yilian Olivera Yut (born 27 July 1983) is a Cuban female volleyball player. She played for the Cuba women's national volleyball team.

Q: What is Suicide of Kurt Cobain?
A: Kurt Cobain, the main singer and guitarist of the American rock band Nirvana, was found dead at his home on Lake Washington Boulevard in the Denny-Blaine (also called Harrison) area of Seattle, Washington, United States on April 8, 1994. Seattle Police Department and a coroner later said that they thought he died on April 5.

Q: What is Stal Mielec?
A: Stal Mielec () is a Polish football club from Mielec. They play in Polish First league.

Q: What is 1988 United States presidential election in Alaska?
A: The 1988 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H.W.

Q: What is Horned sungem?
A: The horned sungem (Heliactin bilophus) is a species of hummingbird. It can make 90 wingbeats per second when it's hovering to drink nectar from flowers.

Q: What is Pimple?
A: Pimples (also called zits) are a type of acne. They are caused by oil getting trapped in the pores of the skin.

Q: What is Swisher County, Texas?
A: Swisher County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is James Murdoch (disambiguation)?
A: James Murdoch may mean * James Murdoch, Australian businessman, son of Rupert Murdoch * James Murdoch (journalist) (1856–1921), Scottish scholar, author, journalist and teacher

Q: What is Jürgen Moltmann?
A: Jürgen Moltmann (8 April 1926 &ndash; 3 June 2024) was a German Reformed theologian. He was born in Hamburg, Germany.

Q: What is Karamanlides?
A: The Karamanlides (Turkish Karamanlılar, Greek Καραμανλήδες) are a Turkish-speaking, Eastern Orthodox Church group in Greece and Turkey, originally from Karaman in Anatolia. During The 1923 population exchange between Greece and Turkey the majority went to Greece along with Greeks from Anatolia, but some Families have handled it to stay in Turkey.

Q: What is Girl No. 217?
A: Girl No. 217 () is a 1945 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm.

Q: What is Natural disaster?
A: A natural disaster is a major event caused by the natural processes of the Earth. Examples are floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, tsunamis and other geologic processes.

Q: What is Hellenic Mathematical Society?
A: The Hellenic Mathematical Society (HMS) (Greek: Ελληνική Μαθηματική Εταιρεία) is a educational society promoting mathematics in Greece. It was founded in 1918, and published the Bulletin of the Greek Mathematical Society.

Q: What is Michael Price (writer)?
A: Michael Price (born October 22, 1958) is an American writer and producer. He is best known for his Emmy and Writers Guild award-winning work on The Simpsons.

Q: What is Philibert Tsiranana?
A: Philibert Tsiranana (18 October 1912&nbsp;– 16 April 1978) was a Malagasy politician and leader. He served as the first President of Madagascar from 1959 to 1972.

Q: What is Tanoli?
A: , Pakistan. Tanoli or Tanawali are a Hindko-speaking ethnic group living in the Hazara area of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Q: What is Little Secrets (2006 movie)?
A: Little Secrets (Perl oder Pica) is a 2006 Luxembourgian Austrian drama movie directed by Pol Cruchten and starring Ben Hoscheit, Anouk Wagener, Thierry van Werveke, André Jung.

Q: What is Jacqueline Pearce?
A: Jacqueline Pearce (20 December 1943 – 3 September 2018) was a British movie and television actress. She was best known as the villain Servalan in the British science fiction TV series Blake's 7.

Q: What is Mali Empire?
A: The Mali was a West African country from 1235 to 1645. The Mandinka people lived there they still are in some parts of Africa today.

Q: What is IPod Mini?
A: iPod Mini IS a series of iPod by Apple. It was released on January 4, 2004.

Q: What is Eye (cyclone)?
A: . The eye is an area of calm weather in the center of strong tropical cyclones.

Q: What is Donbas?
A: The Donbas or Donbass (, ; ; ) is a historical, cultural, and economic region between Russia and Ukraine, who are fighting each other over who owns the region in the Russo-Ukrainian War. It includes the Donetsk Oblast and Luhansk Oblast.

Q: What is Ian Beale?
A: Ian Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Adam Woodyatt. He is the drama's longest-serving main character, and, following the departure of Pauline Fowler (Wendy Richard) in 2006, was the only one to have appeared continuously from its inception.

Q: What is Alien vs. Predator (movie)?
A: Alien vs. Predator is a 2004 American horror science fiction crossover movie directed by Paul W.S.

Q: What is Izvoare?
A: Izvoare is a commune in Dolj County, Romania. There are three villages:Corlate, Domnu Tudor and Izvoare.

Q: What is Lenexa, Kansas?
A: Lenexa is a city in Johnson County, Kansas United States. It is the 9th most populated city in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area.

Q: What is Animal Crossing?
A: Pocket Camp: Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp is a free-to-play mobile game of the Animal Crossing series. It was released in 2017 for Android and iOS devices.

Q: What is Samuel Bigler?
A: Samuel Bigler is a weightlifter from USA. Bigler competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is 2025 Cebu earthquake?
A: On September 30, 2025, at 21:59:43 PST (13:59:43 UTC), an earthquake with a magnitude of 6.9 on the moment magnitude scale () struck the Visayas archipelago in the Philippines. Its epicenter was located off the coast of Bogo and San Remigio, Cebu

Q: What is Australian wood duck?
A: The Australian wood duck, maned duck or maned goose (Chenonetta jubata) is a type of duck. It is found in Australia.

Q: What is Deep Note?
A: Deep Note is a crescendo used for THX releases. It was first used in the THX trailer shown before the 1983 premiere of Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi

Q: What is HR 5171?
A: HR 5171 is a yellow hypergiant star, and the largest of its type. Its size is over 1,300 (or 1,500) times larger and 630,000 times brighter than the Sun.

Q: What is Hancourt?
A: Hancourt is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Q: What is Delle?
A: Delle is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Q: What is María Teresa Valdés?
A: María Teresa Valdés Estrada (11 April 1961 - 1 June 2003) was a Spanish archer. Teresa Valdés competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Brandon Jenkins?
A: Brandon Dean Jenkins (June 7, 1969 &ndash; March 2, 2018) was an American singer-songwriter. He was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Q: What is Richie Benaud?
A: Richard "Richie" Benaud OBE (; 6 October 1930 – 10 April 2015) was an Australian cricketer. After his retirement from international cricket in 1964, he became a well-known commentator on the game.

Q: What is Emmitt Smith?
A: Emmitt James Smith III (born May 15, 1969 in Pensacola, Florida) is a former National Football League player who played for the Dallas Cowboys and Arizona Cardinals.

Q: What is Sweet Dreams (film)?
A: Sweet Dreams is a 2024 Indian Hindi-language romantic drama film written and directed by Victor Mukherjee. Produced under Jio Studios and Mango People Media, the film stars Amol Parashar and Mithila Palkar.

Q: What is Menzies, Western Australia?
A: Menzies is a small town in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. It is located about 130 kilometers (80 miles) north of the city of Kalgoorlie and is part of the Shire of Menzies.

Q: What is Nahas Angula?
A: Nahas Gideon Angula (born 22 August 1943) is a Namibian politician. He was the third Prime Minister of Namibia from 21 March 2005 to 4 December 2012.

Q: What is Allen & Overy?
A: Allen & Overy LLP (informally A&O) is an international law firm. It is a member of the UK's The Magic Circle

Q: What is Gidget?
A: Gidget is a 1959 American romantic comedy teen movie about living in California. It is about a teenage girl who goes surfing.

Q: What is South Korea national under-17 football team?
A: The South Korea national under-17 football team represents South Korea in youth international football completion. They have attended both the FIFA U-17 World Cup and the AFC U-17 Asian Cup.

Q: What is Cambodian–Vietnamese War?
A: The Cambodian–Vietnamese War was a war fought between Kampuchea (present-day Cambodia) and Vietnam. The war had started because of repeated attacks by the Khmer Rouge guerillas into Vietnamese territory, which often caused the massacre of entire villages.

Q: What is Niteroiense FC?
A: Niteroiense Futebol Clube is a Brazilian football club based in the city of Niterói, in the state of Rio de Janeiro (state)

Q: What is Donald J. Kutyna?
A: General Donald Joseph Kutyna (born December 6, 1933) is a retired United States Air Force officer. He was born in Chicago.

Q: What is Undeciphered writing system?
A: are still unknown. An undeciphered writing system is a written form of language that is currently not understood.

Q: What is Eric Winter?
A: Eric Barrett Winter (born July 17, 1976) is an American actor and former fashion model. He played FBI Special Agent Craig O'Laughlin on CBS drama series The Mentalist (2010–2012), Dash Gardiner on the Lifetime fantasy-drama series Witches of East End (2013–2014), and Sergeant Tim Bradford from the LAPD on the ABC drama The Rookie.

Q: What is Paint.net?
A: dotPDN, LLC paint.net is a free software picture maker. Rick Brewster wrote the program as a student project at Washington State University.

Q: What is You Can Do Magic (song)?
A: "You Can Do Magic" is a song by Russ Ballard. It is from 1982.

Q: What is Tolleson, Arizona?
A: Tolleson is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. establishments in the United States establishments in Arizona in Maricopa County, Arizona

Q: What is Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum?
A: The Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library of Herbert Hoover. Hoover was the 31st president of the United States.

Q: What is Actinidiaceae?
A: The Actinidiaceae are a family of around 360 species of plants in the Ericales order. The most important genus is Actinidia, the kiwifruits.

Q: What is Katie Boyle?
A: Katie Boyle, Lady Saunders (born Caterina Irene Elena Maria Imperiali di Francavilla; 29 May 1926 – 20 March 2018) was an Italian-born British actress, television personality, and game-show panelist. She was well known for appearing on TV panel games such as What's My Line? and for presenting the Eurovision Song Contest four times in the 1960s and 1970s.

Q: What is Boubers-lès-Hesmond?
A: Boubers-lès-Hesmond is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is List of governors of West Virginia?
A: The Governor of West Virginia is the head of the executive branch of state's Republican Patrick Morrisey since 2025.

Q: What is Beaumont, Belgium?
A: Beaumont is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut. In 2007, 6696 people lived there.

Q: What is 1850 United States Census?
A: The United States Census of 1850 was the seventh census of the United States. It was completed on June 1, 1850.

Q: What is Vasco da Gama Pillar?
A: The Vasco da Gama Pillar in Malindi, Kenya, was erected by the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama. It was constructed in 1498 or 1499 during his pioneering expedition from Lisbon to India via the Cape of Good Hope (1497–1499).

Q: What is Hitoshi Sasaki?
A: Hitoshi Sasaki can mean: *Hitoshi Sasaki (footballer, born 1891) (佐々木 等) - Japanese footballer *Hitoshi Sasaki (footballer, born 1973) (佐々木 仁) - Japanese footballer

Q: What is Nemzeti Bajnokság I?
A: The Nemzeti Bajnokság (, "National Championship"), also known as NB I, is the top division of football in Hungary. The league is officially named OTP Bank Liga for sponsorship reasons.

Q: What is Sudjati?
A: Sudjati (13 March 1954 &ndash; 8 December 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was born in Semarang, Indonesia.

Q: What is Gayle Rubin?
A: Gayle S. Rubin (born January 1 1949) is an American Cultural anthropology Rubin grew up Jewish in the Southern United States.

Q: What is Jim Corsi (baseball)?
A: James Bernard Corsi (September 9, 1961 – January 4, 2022) was an American baseball pitcher. He played ten seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB).

Q: What is Don Rickles?
A: Donald Jay "Don" Rickles (May 8, 1926 – April 6, 2017) was an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor and author, best known for his role as Mr. Potato Head in Toy Story, Toy Story 2, and Toy Story 3.

Q: What is Robert Anton Wilson?
A: Dr Robert Anton Wilson (January 18, 1932 – January 11, 2007) was a futurist thinker, libertarian, and writer. He held a Ph.D in Psychology.

Q: What is R. Hunter Middleton?
A: Robert Hunter Middleton (May 6, 1898 &ndash; August 3, 1985) was an Scottish-American book designer, painter, and type designer. Middleton was born in Glasgow, Scotland on May 6, 1898.

Q: What is King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime?
A: King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime is the fifth studio album by Faith No More.

Q: What is Jonah and the Pink Whale?
A: Jonah and the Pink Whale is a 1995 Bolivian Mexican comedy movie directed by Juan Carlos Valdivia and based on the 1987 novel by José Wolfango Montes Vannuci. It stars Dino García, María Renée Prudencio, Julieta Egurrola.

Q: What is Pipra Dixit?
A: Pipra Dixit is a medium sized village in Salempur tehsil of Deoria district, Uttar Pradesh. the village has total population of 1,477 as per 2011 Population Census of India.

Q: What is Koko (gorilla)?
A: Hanabiko "Koko" (July 4, 1971 &ndash; June 19, 2018) was a female Western lowland gorilla, cared for by Penny Paterson. She was known for having learned a large number of hand signs from a modified version of American Sign Language (ASL).

Q: What is Voiceless uvular fricative?
A: The voiceless uvular fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in Welsh where it is written with ch.

Q: What is Kazakh Short U?
A: Kazakh Short U, (Ұ, ұ), also known as straight u with stroke, is a letter of the Cyrillic script. It is only used in Kazakh Cyrillic.

Q: What is HMS Royal Oak?
A: HMS Royal Oak was a British battleship. It was built in 1916 and fought in the Battle of Jutland the same year.

Q: What is Jonava?
A: Jonava is a city in Lithuania. Jonava has a population of about 26 thousand people, which makes it the ninth-largest city in Lithuania.

Q: What is University of the Andes, Chile?
A: University of the Andes (Universidad de Los Andes) is a private university with headquarters located in Santiago de Chile. There are about 6,048 students.

Q: What is Romford–Upminster line?
A: The Romford–Upminster line is a railway branch line in Greater London. It connects , on the Great Eastern Main Line, to Upminster, on the London, Tilbury and Southend Line and London Underground.

Q: What is Mademoiselle?
A: Mademoiselle was an American fashion magazine which was mostly for women. It was first published in 1935 by Street and Smith.

Q: What is La Chevillotte?
A: La Chevillotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Q: What is Tina Kotek?
A: Tina Kotek (born September 30, 1966) is an American politician who is the 39th Governor of Oregon since 2023. She was the speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives from 2013 to 2022.

Q: What is Opportunity zone?
A: An opportunity zone is a geographic area in the United States where investments are exempt from Captial Gains tax. The concept of opprtunity zone was introduced in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by the Trump administration.

Q: What is Black Hand?
A: Black Hand or Crna Ruka, officially Ujedinjenje ili Smrt ("Unification or Death") was a secret group of Serbian nationalists (Pan-Serbians). It was founded in 1911 in Serbia.

Q: What is Black Bart?
A: Black Bart is a 1948 American western movie. It was directed by George Sherman.

Q: What is Del Veladero?
A: Del Veladero is a mountain in the Andes range, in Argentina. It is the 16th highest mountain in the Andes.

Q: What is Hamid Nasir Chattha?
A: Chaudhry Hamid Nasir Chattha (Urdu: حامد ناصر چٹھہ) is a Pakistani politician. He was born in Lahore.

Q: What is Army of Islam?
A: Jaysh al-Islam ( Jaysh al-Islam) is a terrorist group by the US and UAE due to being a affiliate of Al-Qaeda.

Q: What is Springfield, Virginia?
A: Springfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Barking station?
A: Barking station is an interchange station served by National Rail, London Underground and London Overground services. It is in Barking in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in East London.

Q: What is Province of Maine?
A: The Province of Maine existed from 1622-1691 and was one of the thirteen colonies controlled by England before the American Revolutionary War. After the American Revolution, the Province of Maine became part of the new United States of America.

Q: What is Cape Verdean Football Federation?
A: The Cape Verdean Football Federation (; FCF) is the governing body of football in Cape Verde. It is in charge of the men's and the women's national teams.

Q: What is Amusement arcade?
A: An amusement arcade (also called video arcade, penny arcade or just arcade) is a place where people play arcade games such as video games, pinball machines, Skee-Ball, etc. The earliest amusement arcades were called "penny arcades." They were opened in the nineteenth century.

Q: What is St. Stephan?
A: St. Stephan is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Kim Hyo-yeon?
A: Kim Hyo-yeon (born September 22, 1989), better known by her stage name Hyoyeon, is a South Korean singer, dancer, rapper, DJ and entertainer. She is a soloist, but she is also a member of the South Korean girl group Girls' Generation, of its sub-unit Girls' Generation-Oh!GG and of the supergroup GOT the beat, all under the label SM Entertainment.

Q: What is Izium mass graves?
A: On 15 September 2022, several mass graves, including one site with at least 440 bodies were found in woods near the Ukrainian city of Izium after it was freed by Ukrainian forces during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The graves had bodies of people who were killed by Russian forces.

Q: What is Martha Nussbaum?
A: Martha Craven Nussbaum (born May 6, 1947 in New York City) is an American feminist philosopher. She is a professor at the University of Chicago and has written books on ethics, feminism and religion and has a particular interest in India.

Q: What is Howard Cosell?
A: Howard William Cosell (March 25, 1918 &ndash; April 23, 1995) was an American sports journalist, movie and television actor, and writer. He was known for his sports announcing and for his roles in Saturday Night Live with Howard Cosell, Bananas, Fol-de-Rol, and in Sleeper.

Q: What is Valediction?
A: A valediction is a phrase used to say goodbye at the end of a regard for the person to whom the message is written. English valedictions often contain the possessive pronoun "yours"; for example, Yours truly.

Q: What is Alexandros Karageorgiou?
A: Alexandros Karageorgiou is a Greek archer. He was born on 3 June 1986.

Q: What is Hillary Scholten?
A: Hillary Scholten (born February 22, 1982) is an American lawyer and Democratic politician. She is the member of the United States House of Representatives for since 2023.

Q: What is Physiotherapy?
A: Physiotherapy is also called "physical therapy" or "PT". It attempts to treat illness or Injury PT is the treatment of disease, injury, deformity or disability to improve the quality of life.

Q: What is Face the Promise?
A: Face the Promise is the sixteenth studio album by Bob Seger. The album was released on September 12, 2006.

Q: What is Mabton, Washington?
A: Mabton is a city in the state of Washington. establishments in Washington (state) establishments in Washington (state) in Yakima County, Washington

Q: What is List of governors of the Northern Mariana Islands?
A: The following is a list of persons who served as Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. The term of office is 4 years.

Q: What is Ducky Schofield?
A: John Richard "Ducky" Schofield (January 7, 1935 – July 11, 2022), was an American professional baseball infielder. He played 19 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1953 to 1971 for the St.

Q: What is Area code 917?
A: Area code 917 is an area code for New York. It was created in 1992, as an overlay to area codes 212 and 718.

Q: What is Windows Media Center?
A: Windows Media Center is a discontinued video recorder that was developed by the Microsoft Corporation and released for Windows XP Media Center Edition, also known as the Media Center Update. It can be used in Windows Vista in Home Premium and Ultimate edition and Windows 7 in Home Premium, Professional, Ultimate and Enterprise edition.

Q: What is Vieux-Fumé?
A: Vieux-Fumé is a former commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Pegasus?
A: riding Pegasus Pegasus (, Pégasos, 'strong') is a flying horse with wings in Greek mythology. He is the son of Poseidon and the Gorgon Medusa.

Q: What is Richard Attenborough?
A: Richard Samuel Attenborough, Baron Attenborough, (; 29 August 1923&nbsp;– 24 August 2014) was an English movie producer, director and actor.

Q: What is Joseph Fiennes?
A: Joseph Alberic Fiennes is an English actor. He was born on 27 May 1970 in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.

Q: What is Zeng Guoyuan?
A: Zeng Guoyuan (; ; 195316 November 2019), also known as Zeng Guoyan, Thomas Chan Hock Seng and, erroneously, Zeng Guoyung, was a Singaporean businessman, philanthropist, politician, author, and acupuncturist. He was known for running multiple times in general elections either under the Workers' Party or Independent and for dropping out of the elections in the last minute.

Q: What is List of reptiles of Alabama?
A: Alabama is home to 93 indigenous reptile species. Indigenous species include one type of crocodilian, 12 types of lizard, 49 types of snake, and 31 types of turtle.

Q: What is 1922 Leganés train crash?
A: The 1922 Leganés train crash was a train crash that happened on 17 April 1922 at 9:15 am. A train from Portugal to Madrid derailed at the Leganés train station in Spain.

Q: What is Albany Park, Chicago?
A: Albany Park () is one of 77 well-defined community areas of Chicago. Located on the Northwest Side of the City of Chicago, it includes the Albany Park neighborhood, one of the most ethnically diverse in the United States.

Q: What is Like Father, Like Clown?
A: "Like Father, Like Clown" is the sixth episode of The Simpsons third season. It first started on the Fox network in the United States on October 24, 1991.

Q: What is Alan J. Greiman?
A: Alan Joel Greiman (December 29, 1931 – February 14, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is WAGR Ja class?
A: The WAGR Ja class were a total of 3 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways from 1907 to 1924. The Ja class resulted from the rebuilding of the J class at Midland Railway Workshops in 1907 to improve performance, fitting them with Q class boilers left over from Qa class conversions, the frames of the J class having to be extended to accommodate for the boilers.

Q: What is To the Victor?
A: To the Victor is a 1948 American romantic drama movie directed by Delmer Daves and starring Dennis Morgan, Viveca Lindfors, Victor Francen, Eduardo Ciannelli, Anthony Caruso, Tom D'Andrea, Dorothy Malone. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Q: What is 13?
A: 13 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Amherst, Ohio?
A: Amherst () is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. According to the 2020 United States Census According to the 2020 census, the city has a total area of .

Q: What is Lance Corporal?
A: Lance corporal is a military rank, used by many armed forces around the world, and also by some police forces and other uniformed organizations. It is below the rank of Corporal, and is typically the lowest Non-commissioned officer, usually equivalent to the NATO Rank Grade OR-3.

Q: What is Sumaco Napo-Galeras National Park?
A: Sumaco Napo-Galeras National Park () is a place in Ecuador. It is a protected park.

Q: What is Manuscript?
A: seated in a capital "U" in a manuscript from the Badische Landesbibliothek, Germany. A manuscript is any document that is written by hand, which is not printed or made in some other way.

Q: What is Chris Wallace?
A: Christopher W. Wallace (born October 12, 1947) is an American television anchor and political commentator.

Q: What is Lieli, Switzerland?
A: Lieli is a village and former municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since 2007, it is part of the municipality of Hohenrain.

Q: What is Churchill College, Cambridge?
A: Churchill College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge, England. In 1958 a group of people was formed to get money to build a new college.

Q: What is Lisa Simpson?
A: Lisa Simpson (1945-1999) Lisa Marie Simpson is a character in the animated television series The Simpsons. The person who does the voice for the character is Yeardley Smith.

Q: What is The North Avenue Irregulars?
A: The North Avenue Irregulars is a 1979 Disney movie starring Edward Hermann, Ruth Buzzi, Steven Franken and Cliff Osmond.

Q: What is Northallerton?
A: Northallerton is a town and civil parish in Hambleton, North Yorkshire, England. In 2011 there were 10655 people living in Northallerton.

Q: What is Laxative?
A: A laxative is a food or drug taken to make bowel movements easier, or to treat constipation. Sometimes taking powerful or lots of laxatives can cause diarrhea or a flatulence.

Q: What is Simon Harris?
A: Simon Harris (born 17 October 1986) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has been the Tánaiste, Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade and Minister for Defence since January 2025. He was the Taoiseach from 2024 to 2025.

Q: What is Wyolica?
A: Wyolica is a two-person band from Japan. The members are Azumi (vocals) and So-to (guitar).

Q: What is Bill Wyman?
A: William George Wyman (né Perks; born 24 October 1936) is an English musician who achieved international fame as the bassist for the Rolling Stones from 1962 until 1993. Born William Perks, he legally changed his surname to Wyman in August of 1964, the phonetic surname of a friend, Lee Whyman, with whom he had done national service in the Royal Air Force from 1955 to 1957.

Q: What is Marta (footballer)?
A: Marta Vieira da Silva (; born 19 February 1986), known mononymously as Marta, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Orlando Pride in the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) and formerly, the Brazil women's national football team

Q: What is Quitman County?
A: Quitman County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Quitman County, Georgia * Quitman County, Mississippi

Q: What is KFC Original Recipe?
A: The KFC Original Recipe is a secret mix of ingredients that fast food restaurant chain KFC uses to produce fried chicken. By the very late 1930s, Harland Sanders' gas station in Corbin, Kentucky was so well known for its fried chicken that Sanders decided to remove the gas pumps and build a restaurant and motel in their place.

Q: What is Molar mass?
A: Molar mass is the mass of a substance that has 6.022 × 1023 atoms (Avogadro's number). The mass number of an element is equal to the molar mass of the element .

Q: What is So You Think You Can Dance?
A: So You Think You Can Dance is a reality television show franchise. It was created by Simon Fuller and Nigel Lythgoe.

Q: What is British Rail Class 205?
A: The British Rail Class 205 (or 3H) diesel-electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh railway works from 1957–1962.

Q: What is Jared Leto?
A: Jared Joseph Leto (born December 26, 1971) is an American actor and musician. He is known for acting in movies such as Fight Club; Girl, Interrupted; Panic Room; American Psycho; Alexander; Requiem for a Dream; Lord of War, Prefontaine, Mr.

Q: What is Thusis?
A: Thusis (, ) is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Mutten merged into the municipality of Thusis.

Q: What is Ben Coates?
A: Ben Coates (born August 16, 1969 in Greenwood, South Carolina) is an American former professional American football

Q: What is Kaffeklubben Island?
A: Kaffeklubben Island or Coffee Club Island (; ) is an island near the northern tip of Greenland. It is uninhabited, which means no people live there.

Q: What is South Eastern Railway (UK)?
A: The South Eastern Railway (SER) was a railway company in south-eastern England from 1836 to 1922. The company was formed to construct a route from London to Dover.

Q: What is Jack Sherman?
A: Jack Sherman (January 18, 1956August 18, 2020) was an American guitarist. He was best known as the second guitarist to have joined Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Q: What is Billy The Kid (book)?
A: Billy the Kid is the story of a boy who has a dream to become a professional footballer. The book was published in 2000 and was written by Michael Morpurgo.

Q: What is Lewiston (village), New York?
A: Lewiston is a village in Niagara County, Morgan Lewis, an early 19th-century governor of New York. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Q: What is Eye, Suffolk?
A: Eye is a town in Suffolk, England. In 2001, the town had a population of 2,000 people.

Q: What is Mata Hari (1985 movie)?
A: Mata Hari is a 1985 American erotic biographic drama movie directed by Curtis Harrington and stars Sylvia Kristel, Oliver Tobias, Christopher Cazonove. It was distributed by Cannon Pictures.

Q: What is Wadj-wer?
A: Wadj-wer (meaning "Great Blue-Green") is an Egyptian god of fertility. Wadj-wer is sometimes shown as being part male and part female.

Q: What is Bannu?
A: Bannu is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Bannu District.

Q: What is Assassin's Creed?
A: Brotherhood: Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood is an action-adventure video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. The game was released on the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 in 2010.

Q: What is List of MeSH codes (A07)?
A: The following is a partial list of the "A" codes for Medical Subject Headings (MeSH), as defined by the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM). This list continues the information at List of MeSH codes (A06).

Q: What is Charnia?
A: Charnia is the genus name of a frond-like Ediacaran lifeform. It has segmented ridges branching alternately to the right and left from a midline.

Q: What is Hermann von Eichhorn?
A: Hermann Emil Gottfried von Eichhorn (February 13, 1848 – July 30, 1918) was a Prussian officer, later Field Marshal during World War I.

Q: What is Fernandão?
A: Fernando Lúcio da Costa (18 March 1978 &ndash; 7 June 2014), better known as Fernandão, was a Brazilian footballer. He played professionally as a striker from 1996 until 2011.

Q: What is José Nápoles?
A: José Ángel Nápoles, nicknamed Mantequilla ("Butter", because of his smooth boxing style), (April 13, 1940 – August 16, 2019) was a Cuban-born Mexican boxer and a World Welterweight Champion. He was ranked as one of the greatest fighters of all time.

Q: What is Canon (fiction)?
A: Canon is the realm of work within a fictional series/franchise that is said to have "actually happened". It provides the groundwork and basis for all non-canon material to be based off of, as well as future canon material.

Q: What is The Entertainer (Alesha Dixon album)?
A: The Entertainer is the third studio album by English recording artist Alesha Dixon. It was released on 26 November 2010 in the United Kingdom by Asylum Records.

Q: What is 91 (number)?
A: Ninety-one is a number. It comes between ninety and ninety-two, and is an odd number.

Q: What is Pirates of the Caribbean (movie series)?
A: Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy pirate movies produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney's theme park attraction of the same name. Directors of the series include Gore Verbinski (movies 1–3), Rob Marshall&nbsp;(4), Joachim Rønning (5–6), and Espen Sandberg (5).

Q: What is Kimigayo?
A: "Kimigayo" (Kanji: 君が代, Hiragana: きみがよ, , meaning "His Imperial Majesty's Reign") is the national anthem of Japan. The anthem is based on a poem written by an unknown poet from Japan about one thousand years ago.

Q: What is Ord, Nebraska?
A: Ord is a city in Valley County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 2,113 at the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Caslano?
A: Caslano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is near to the Italian border.

Q: What is Ondrej Duda?
A: Ondrej Duda (born on 5 December 1994 in Snina, Slovakia) is a Slovak association football midfielder who currently plays for the Polish club Legia Warsaw and the Slovakia national football team. He played for VSS Košice from 2012 to 2014.

Q: What is Raheela Naeem?
A: Raheela Naeem () is a Pakistani politician who has been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, since May 2013.

Q: What is Thousand Days' War?
A: The Thousand Days War was a civil war in Colombia which was fought from October 17th 1899 to November 21st 1902. It was fought over whether Colombia should have federalism or centralism.

Q: What is Kudapa?
A: Kudapa is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is in Reddigudem mandal.

Q: What is Abduction?
A: Abduction is the criminal act of taking a person away by means of fraud, persuasion, by threat of violence or by force. Kidnapping, by comparison, is limited to a threat of violence or minor consents or not.

Q: What is Eukaryote?
A: An eukaryote is an organism with complex cells, or a single cell with complex structures. In these cells the genetic material is organized in the cell nucleus.

Q: What is Lockheed C-5 Galaxy?
A: {| |} The C-5 Galaxy is a large military cargo aircraft made by Lockheed (now Lockheed Martin) used by the United States Air Force. It is the largest aircraft being used with the United States Air Force.

Q: What is Zinc sulfate?
A: Zinc sulfate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is ZnSO4.

Q: What is Saint-Andéol-de-Vals?
A: Saint-Andéol-de-Vals is a commune in the Ardèche department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France. in Ardèche

Q: What is Disneyland Paris?
A: Disneyland Paris, formerly Euro Disney Resort, is a resort near Paris, France. It is in Chessy, Seine-et-Marne.

Q: What is Harry Shum Jr.?
A: Harry Shum Jr (born April 28, 1982) is a Costa Rican-American actor, singer, dancer, and choreographer. He played Mike Chang on the Fox television series Glee and Magnus Bane on the Freeform television series Shadowhunters.

Q: What is Cro-Magnon?
A: of a Cro-Magnon, based on skulls found by archaeologists Cro-Magnons were the first early modern humans. They were the first members of our species, Homo sapiens.

Q: What is Teruaki Satō?
A: Teruaki Satō (佐藤 輝明, Satō Teruaki, born March 13, 1999) is a professional baseball player. He is from Hyogo, Japan.

Q: What is Ben 10 (2016 TV series)?
A: Ben 10 is an animated television series created by Man of Action for Cartoon Network. It is a reboot of the Cartoon Network series of the same name also created by Man of Action.

Q: What is R. K. Narayan?
A: Rasipuram Krishnaswami Iyer Narayanaswami (10 October 1906 – 13 May 2001) is an Indian writer. He is known for his works about the fictional town Malgudi.

Q: What is Friederike Otto?
A: Friederike (Fredi) Elly Luise Otto (born 29 August 1982 in Kiel) is a climatologist. She works at the Grantham Institute for Climate Change and the Environment at Imperial College London.

Q: What is Aisey-et-Richecourt?
A: Aisey-et-Richecourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Bump Elliott?
A: Chalmers William "Bump" Elliott (January 30, 1925 – December 7, 2019) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He was born in Detroit, Michigan and raised in Bloomington, Illinois.

Q: What is Barnard's star?
A: Barnard's Star, also known as Barnard's Runaway Star, is a very low-mass red dwarf star approximately six light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Ophiuchus (the Snake-holder). It is very old, and moving relatively fast.

Q: What is Leon Thomas III?
A: Leon Thomas III (born August 1, 1993 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his role as "André Harris" on the Nickelodeon television series Victorious.

Q: What is Maho Beach?
A: Maho Beach is a beach on the Dutch side of the Caribbean island of Hurricane Omar, which destroyed several restaurants in the era. The same happened with Hurricane Irma in 2017.

Q: What is Mycobacterium?
A: Mycobacterium is a genus of bacteria, with about 190 species.The genus includes pathogens known to cause serious diseases in mammals, including tuberculosis (Mycobacterium tuberculosis) and leprosy (Mycobacterium leprae). Mycobacteria are immobile and are rod-shaped.

Q: What is Dunes City, Oregon?
A: Dunes City is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States. establishments in the United States establishments in Oregon in Lane County, Oregon

Q: What is Flag of Mixtlán?
A: The flag of Mixtlán () It is colored yellow and white and the coat of arms in the center. The emblem has a diameter of three-quarters the width of the stripes.

Q: What is Pully?
A: Pully is a municipality in the district of Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is one of the eastern suburbs of the city of Lausanne, located on the shores of Lake Geneva (Lac Léman) and at the foot of the vineyards of Lavaux on the road to Vevey and Montreux.

Q: What is Pramoedya Ananta Toer?
A: Pramoedya Ananta Toer (6 February 1925 – 30 April 2006) was an Indonesian writer. He wrote novels, short stories, essays, and histories of Indonesia and its people.

Q: What is Nonlinear system?
A: In mathematics and science, a nonlinear system is a system, where the change of the output is not proportional to the change of the input. In nature, most systems are non-linear.

Q: What is Coffeemaker?
A: A coffeemaker or coffee machine is a cooking appliance used to brew coffee. While there are many different types of coffeemakers using several different brewing principles, in the most common devices, coffee grounds are placed into a paper or metal filter inside a funnel, which is set over a glass or ceramic coffee pot, a cooking pot in the kettle family.

Q: What is Walter Learning?
A: Walter John Learning (November 16, 1938 – January 5, 2020) was a Canadian theatre director, playwright and actor. He was known as the founder of Theatre New Brunswick.

Q: What is St. Gabriel, Louisiana?
A: St. Gabriel is a city in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is LDV Convoy?
A: LDV Convoy is a van and minibus made from 1996 to 2006 by LDV Limited. Between 2000-2005 the model was improved, It had transparent front head lights and transparent back brake lights.

Q: What is Q?
A: Q is the seventeenth (number 17) letter in the English alphabet. It is nearly always followed by a silent letter U.

Q: What is XXXXY syndrome?
A: XXXXY syndrome, sometimes called Fraccaro syndrome, is a very rare genetic disorder. Normally, a male will have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome, but people with XXXXY syndrome will have three extra X chromosomes, or four in total.

Q: What is Russian Language Institute?
A: The V.V. Vinogradov Russian Language Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences () is the highest authority on the Russian language.

Q: What is The Emotions?
A: The Emotions is an all female American R&B group who are well known for their sampled by several musicians and recording artists.

Q: What is Walter Bernstein?
A: Walter Bernstein (August 20, 1919 &ndash; January 23, 2021) was an American screenwriter and movie producer. He was blacklisted by the Hollywood movie studios in the 1950s.

Q: What is Division of Herbert?
A: The Division of Herbert is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901.

Q: What is Volnay, Sarthe?
A: Volnay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Margaret Hamilton (scientist)?
A: Margaret Heafield Hamilton, (born August 17, 1936) is an American computer scientist, systems engineer, and business owner. She was Director of the Software Engineering Division of the MIT Instrumentation Laboratory.

Q: What is Schitt's Creek?
A: Schitt's Creek (stylized as Schitt$ Creek) is a Canadian television sitcom created by Dan Levy (Canadian actor) It was produced by Not a Real Company Productions. Now living in a motel, Johnny Rose (Eugene Levy) and Moira Rose (Catherine O'Hara)—along with their adult children, David (Dan Levy) and Alexis (Annie Murphy)—must live life without money and, with each other.

Q: What is Treaty of Maastricht?
A: The Treaty of Maastricht was a treaty signed between European countries, in the Dutch city of Maastricht, on 7 February 1992. This treaty made possible further integration between European states, and made possible the existence of the European Union, doing better than previous treaties such as the Treaty of Rome.

Q: What is Landfall (meteorology)?
A: making landfall on August 13, 2004 at its peak intensity. Landfall is when a tropical cyclone or waterspout moves from being over water to being over land.

Q: What is Jaheyna City?
A: Jahanna is a residential city in the province of Sohag, located in the Arab Republic of Egypt, with a population cave of 209,260.

Q: What is Yamagata Isaburō?
A: Prince was a Japanese politician, cabinet minister, and Japanese Inspector-General of Korea. His wife was the daughter of Katō Hiroyuki.

Q: What is Naive set theory?
A: When people started to talk about sets, mostly in the 19th century, they did this using natural language. It uses many of the concepts already known from discrete mathematics; for example Venn diagrams to show which elements are contained in a set, or Boolean algebra.

Q: What is Division of Hunter?
A: The Division of Hunter is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of New South Wales. It is located in northern rural New South Wales.

Q: What is Phyllomedusa tetraploidea?
A: The hidden walking leaf frog (Phyllomedusa tetraploidea) is a frog that lives in Brazil, Argentina, and part of Paraguay. People have seen it between 400 and 1000 meters above sea level.

Q: What is Tremor?
A: In biology, a tremor is when antagonist muscles move repeatedly without being controlled. There are different forms of tremors.

Q: What is Shaun Marsh?
A: Shaun Edward Marsh (born 9 July 1983, in Narrogin, Western Australia) is an Australian cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman with a first-class batting average of 40.

Q: What is Bayenghem-lès-Seninghem?
A: Bayenghem-lès-Seninghem is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is North Karachi?
A: North Karachi () is a suburb of Karachi, in the Karachi Division of the Sindh province of Pakistan. of Karachi

Q: What is Arduino?
A: Arduino is a small, popular microcontroller that makes it very easy for people to make electronic things. It has two parts: a circuit board and a program that lets people tell the circuit board what to do.

Q: What is Bob Johnson (infielder)?
A: Robert Wallace Johnson (March 4, 1936 – November 12, 2019), nicknamed "Rocky", was an American professional baseball player. He played as a utility infielder and pinch hitter.

Q: What is Psychoactive Substances Act 2016?
A: The Psychoactive Substances Act 2016 (c. 2) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom to stop psychoactive substances not in the Misuse of Drugs 1971.

Q: What is Finau Vulivuli?
A: Finau Vulivuli (born August 18th, 1982) is an international commentator for football. She is a Fijian referee and used to be in a national football team for the 2003 South Pacific Games.

Q: What is Prime (drink)?
A: Prime is a hydration drink made by YouTubers and boxers Logan Paul and Olajide "KSI" Olatunji. drinks drinks Paul

Q: What is Frankfurt Universe?
A: The Frankfurt Universe are a German American football team from Frankfurt, Hesse. The club was formed in 2007.

Q: What is Video camera?
A: high definition video camera A video camera is camera used to make electronic motion pictures. It captures moving images and synchronous sound.

Q: What is Texas (1941 movie)?
A: Texas is a 1941 American western movie directed by George Marshall and starring William Holden, Glenn Ford, Claire Trevor, George Bancroft, Addison Richards, Edgar Buchanan, Andrew Tombes, Don Beddoe, Edmund MacDonald. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Q: What is John Brophy?
A: John Brophy (January 20, 1933 &ndash; May 23, 2016) was a Canadian ice hockey coach and former hockey player. He was born and raised in Antigonish, Nova Scotia.

Q: What is Kalidou Koulibaly?
A: Kalidou Koulibaly (born 20 June 1991) is a French-Senegalese footballer. He plays as a centre-back for Saudi Pro League club Al-Hilal and the Senegal national team.

Q: What is Michael Hayden?
A: Michael Hayden (born March 17, 1945) is an American politician, writer and military personnel. He was the head of the CIA from 2006 to 2009.

Q: What is Office of the Vice President of the United States?
A: The Office of the Vice President includes staff who directly support or advise the vice president of the United States. The office is headed and ran by the Chief of Staff to the Vice President.

Q: What is Belleville, Kansas?
A: Belleville is a city in Republic County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Republic County.

Q: What is Luís Vaz de Torres?
A: Luís Vaz de Torres was a Spanish explorer. Sometimes his name is spelled Luis Váez de Torres.

Q: What is Aindling?
A: Aindling (Swabian: Aindling, ) is a market town in Aichach-Friedberg district, in Bavaria, southern Germany.

Q: What is Alexey Stakhanov?
A: Alexey Grigoryevich Stakhanov (; 3 January 1906 – 5 November 1977) was a miner in the Soviet Union. In 1970, he was made a Hero of Socialist Labor.

Q: What is Wong Tai Sin Temple?
A: Wong Tai Sin Temple may refers: * Wong Tai Sin Temple (Hong Kong) * Wong Tai Sin Temple (Guangzhou) * Wong Tai Sin Temple (Foshan) * Wong Tai Sin Temple (Jinhua) * Wong Tai Sin Temple (Miami) * Wong Tai Sin Temple (Sydney)

Q: What is FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk?
A: FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk (, FK Shakhtsyor Salihorsk) was a football club from Soligorsk (Salihorsk), in Belarus.

Q: What is Günzburg?
A: Günzburg is a town in the German state of Bavaria. It is the capital of the district of Günzburg.

Q: What is Monsieur Pierre?
A: Monsieur Pierre, or simply Pierre, was the professional name of Pierre Jean Phillipe Zurcher-Margolle, (born Toulon, France – London, 1963). Pierre was a professional dancer and dance teacher; he was a Fellow, Examiner and committee member of the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing (ISTD) and a Member of the Official Board of Ballroom Dancing (OBBD).

Q: What is Franklin, Texas?
A: Franklin is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Amar Prem Ki Prem Kahani?
A: Amar Prem Ki Prem Kahani (), is a 2024 Indian Hindi-language drama movie directed by Hardik Gajjar and written by Rupinder Inderjit. The main leads of the movie are Sunny Singh, Aditya Seal in the title role, alongside Pranutan Bahl.

Q: What is Nightclubbing (Grace Jones album)?
A: Nightclubbing is the fifth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, released on May 11, 1981 by Island Records.

Q: What is Peer-to-peer file sharing?
A: Peer-to-peer file sharing is the sharing and distribution of digital media using peer-to-peer networking technology. P2P file sharing allows users to access files, like movies, books, music and games using a P2P software program.

Q: What is Lee Young-ae?
A: Lee Young-ae (; born January 31, 1971) is a South Korean actress. She started as a model in 1991.

Q: What is Defenders of the Faith?
A: Defenders of the Faith is the ninth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest. Defenders of the Faith was released on January 4, 1984.

Q: What is Batavia, New York?
A: Batavia is a city in and the county seat of Genesee County, New York, United States. It is near the center of the county, surrounded by the Batavia (town), New York

Q: What is Curriculum vitae?
A: A curriculum vitae (CV or vita) is a short list of a person's education and skills used for recruitment. In North America, a short CV (1-2 pages) is usually called a résumé.

Q: What is Marilyn Mazur?
A: Marilyn Mazur (January 18, 1955 – December 12, 2025) was an American-born Danish percussionist. From 1975, she worked as a percussionist with many groups such as Six Winds with Alex Riel.

Q: What is Weser?
A: The Weser is a river of north-western Germany. Formed at Hannoversch Münden by the confluence of the Fulda and Werra rivers, it flows through Bremen to the North Sea, and has a length of 440 km.

Q: What is Yao Lee?
A: Yao Lee (), also credited as Yao Li, Yiu Lei and Hue Lee (19 July 1922 – 19 July 2019) was a Chinese singer. She was born in Shanghai.

Q: What is Interstate 195 (Maryland)?
A: Interstate 195 (I-195) is an Interstate highway in the U.S. state of Maryland.

Q: What is Divandarreh?
A: Divandarreh (, ) is a city in the Kurdistan province of Iran. Its people speak Kurdish.

Q: What is Tullos, Louisiana?
A: Tullos is a small town in La Salle and Winn Parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Q: What is Chalivoy-Milon?
A: Chalivoy-Milon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 418 people lived there in January 2019.

Q: What is Baylor University?
A: Baylor University is a private Baptist university in Waco, Texas, United States. There are about 13,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1845.

Q: What is Friend Like That?
A: Friend Like That is a Pop punk song released by the band Hawk Nelson. Made available on Christmas Eve on iTunes and other websites.

Q: What is Jaakko Jonkka?
A: Jaakko Ilari Jonkka (12 February 1953 – 4 January 2022) was a Finnish politician and lawyer. He was the Chancellor of Justice of Finland from 2007 to 2017.

Q: What is Lic. Adolfo López Mateos International Airport?
A: Lic. Adolfo López Mateos International Airport or Toluca International Airport, is an airport in Toluca Municipality, Mexico.

Q: What is Talking past each other?
A: Talking past each other is an idiom. The phrase describes a situation in which people communicate at cross purposes.

Q: What is 2001 Formula One World Championship?
A: The 2001 Formula One season was the 52nd edition of the championship. The Driver's Champion (the guy who won for the year) was Michael Schumacher.

Q: What is Born to Run (Bruce Springsteen song)?
A: "Born to Run" is a rock music song by Bruce Springsteen. The song is on Springsteen's 1975 album, Born to Run.

Q: What is DOCG?
A: DOCG is the short version of Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita, a warranty mark used in Italy, about the wines, for to help who buy wines against fake wines or frauds. This warranty mark shows the exact point where the wine was made.

Q: What is Zelda Rubinstein?
A: Zelda Rubinstein (28 May 1933 – 27 January 2010) was an American actress and activist for human rights and AIDS. She appeared on television programs, including Caroline in the City, Tales from the Crypt and Martin.

Q: What is Peter Gillam?
A: Peter J Gillam (born 2 January 1956) is a retired archer from Great Britain. Gillam competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Bio-Dome?
A: Bio-Dome is a 1996 American stoner comedy movie. It was directed by Jason Bloom.

Q: What is Neuroticism?
A: Neuroticism is a personality trait that someone has when they experience negative or bad emotions more than other people. Some mental illnesses involve neuroticism.

Q: What is Gravesend?
A: Gravesend is a town in Kent, England, UK. It is on the bank of the river Thames.

Q: What is Zhangixalus duboisi?
A: Dubois' whipping frog or Dubois' tree frog (Zhangixalus duboisi) is a frog. It lives in Vietnam and China.

Q: What is Bungle in the Jungle?
A: "Bungle in the Jungle" is a 1974 song by British progressive rock band Jethro Tull and was taken from their seventh studio album War Child. It went to number 12 in the United States, number 4 in Canada and number 32 in Australia.

Q: What is Morbio Inferiore?
A: Morbio Inferiore is a municipality of the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. It is in the hills above Chiasso.

Q: What is Phyllomedusidae?
A: Phyllomedusidae is a family of frogs that live in the Neotropics in North America, South America, and nearby islands. They are called leaf frogs in English.

Q: What is Janet Malcolm?
A: Janet Clara Malcolm (born Jana Klara Wienerová; July 8, 1934 – June 16, 2021) was an American writer and journalist. She worked at The New Yorker magazine.

Q: What is Marion Marshall?
A: Marion Marshall (born Marian Lepriel Tanner; June 8, 1929 – September 24, 2018) was an American actress. From 1963 to 1971, she was married to Robert Wagner.

Q: What is Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada?
A: The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada (or ELCC) is a Lutheran denomination in Canada. It is the largest of the Canadian Lutheran churches, with more than 145,000 members.

Q: What is Aérocentre?
A: Aérocentre is a French group of aerospace engineering companies and research centres. It is in the region of Centre-Val de Loire in the middle of France.

Q: What is Stefan Borsch?
A: Stefan Borsch, born 19 January 1947 in Hagfors, Sweden, is a Swedish dansband singer. He originally sang for Öijwinds.

Q: What is Comoros at the Olympics?
A: Comoros was first at the Olympic Games in 1996. They have been in every Summer Olympic Games since 1996.

Q: What is Disgust?
A: Disgust is an emotion. People feel it when they see, touch, hear, or taste something that they think is nasty or repulsive.

Q: What is Jim Belushi?
A: James Adam "Jim" Belushi (born June 15, 1954) is an American actor, comedian, singer and musician. He played James "Jim" Orenthal in the series According to Jim.

Q: What is The Moonshiner (movie)?
A: The Moonshiner is a 1904 American short silent action movie directed by Wallace McCutcheon, Sr.. It was produced by American Mutoscope & Biograph Company.

Q: What is Aitziber Porras?
A: Aitziber Porras Conde (born 9 May 1978 Vitoria) is a Spanish rugby player. She is a member of the Spanish Women's Rugby team with 39 international caps.

Q: What is Time dilation?
A: and on Earth. Gravitational time dilation is a physics concept about changes in the passage of time, caused by general relativity.

Q: What is Speedy (DC Comics)?
A: Speedy is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is the sidekick to Green Arrow and a member of Team Arrow.

Q: What is The Rhydd?
A: The Rhydd is a big old house in Worcestershire, England. It is in a park with trees and it is on a hill over the River Severn.

Q: What is Anna Záborská?
A: Anna Záborská (7 June 1948 – 20 August 2025) was a Swiss-born Slovak politician. She was a member of the Christian Union Party.

Q: What is Mackinac Island?
A: Mackinac Island is an island in Lake Huron. It is part of the U.S.

Q: What is Magnum Force?
A: Magnum Force is a 1973 American action movie directed by Ted Post. It stars Clint Eastwood, Hal Holbrook, and Mitchell Ryan.

Q: What is Captain (ice hockey)?
A: In ice hockey, a captain is generally a player or in certain cases, a goalie, who is assigned by the head coach or voted on by teammates, who is considered the team leader. A captain's primary role is to talk with the referees during play stoppages and usually relays the referees explanation back to his or her coach.

Q: What is Benjamin McCulloch?
A: Benjamin McCulloch (November 11, 1811 – March 7, 1862) was a soldier in the Texas Revolution, a marshal, and a Brigadier general in the army of the West Point graduation

Q: What is Oslo Accords?
A: The Oslo Accords are a pair of agreements between the government of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO): the Oslo I Accord, signed in Washington, D.C., in 1993; and the Oslo II Accord, signed in Taba, Egypt, in 1995. The first ideas regarding the Oslo Accords started in the Madrid Conference for Peace in 1991.

Q: What is Gerund?
A: A gerund is a verb used as a noun. In English, the gerund is formed by adding -ing to a verb root.

Q: What is Igor Ivitskiy?
A: Dr. Igor Ivitskiy is a Ukrainian mathematician specializing in fluid dynamics, non-Newtonian materials, and computer modeling.

Q: What is Ebonyi State?
A: Ebonyi is one of the 36 states of Nigeria. The capital is Abakaliki.

Q: What is Sauvira Kingdom?
A: Sauvīra was an ancient kingdom and region of the ancient Sindh, present day northern Sindh and southern Punjab. Its capital city was Roruka, identified with present-day Aror/Rohri in Sindh.

Q: What is University of Virginia?
A: The University of Virginia is a public research university in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States. The buildings designed by Jefferson are a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Q: What is Bok choy?
A: Bok choy (also known as pak choi, boc choy, and pok choi) is classified as a Chinese cabbage. It is part of the cabbage family and does not have the same stringiness.

Q: What is Trincomalee District?
A: Trincomalee District ( '; ) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka. Districts are the second-level administrative divisions of the country.

Q: What is Krunoslav Hulak?
A: Krunoslav Hulak (25 May 1951 &ndash; 23 October 2015) was a Croatian chess master. He was awarded the International Master title in 1974, and the Grandmaster (chess) Hulak died in Zagreb, Croatia, aged 64.

Q: What is Vilém Holáň?
A: Vilém Holáň (23 September 1938 – 5 March 2021) was a Czech politician. He was Minister of Defense (Czech Republic) Holáň died on 5 March 2021, aged 82.

Q: What is Sino-Indian War?
A: The Sino-Indian War was a war between India and China, in 1962, over a border dispute in the Himalayas. China won the war, but there were almost no changes in territory.

Q: What is George Spriggs (baseball)?
A: George Herman Spriggs (May 22, 1937 – December 22, 2020) was an American outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Kansas City Royals in parts of four seasons from 1965 to 1970.

Q: What is Symbol rate?
A: Symbol rate (also called baud rate and modulation rate) is the number of symbols that happen each second.[http://www.electronicdesign.com/communications/what-s-difference-between-bit-rate-and-baud-rate What’s The Difference Between Bit Rate And Baud Rate? 'Symbol' in this sense means something like 'basic signal event'. The word symbol usually has a much wider meaning.

Q: What is Jack van Poll?
A: Jack van Poll (29 November 1934 – 4 December 2022) was a Dutch jazz musician, music arranger and composer.

Q: What is Rahmatollah Javadi Chermahini?
A: Rahmatollah Javadi Chermahini (, 28 June 1955 – 26 April 2021) was teacher and Gonabadi dervish (sufi). He was born into a farming family in Chermahin, Isfahan, Iran.

Q: What is Vaginal venous plexus?
A: The vaginal venous plexus refers to the gathering of veins that drain blood from the vagina. These veins are located around the sides of the vagina.

Q: What is Sumer?
A: Sumer is the earliest known civilization in southern Mesopotamia, in what is now southern Iraq. It may have been one of the first civilizations in the world, as were Ancient Egypt and the Indus Valley.

Q: What is Lake Alexandrina?
A: Lake Alexandrina is a large lake about south east of Adelaide, South Australia. The lake covers an area of .

Q: What is Republic of Taiwan (1895)?
A: The Republic of Taiwan was a short-lived republic on the island of Taiwan. It is also called the following name in ; which means "Democratic State of Taiwan".

Q: What is Tui Sutherland?
A: Tui Tamara Sutherland (born July 31, 1978 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a writer of children's novels who has written both under her own name and several pen names. Originally working as the editor of the Warriors series, Sutherland is known for writing the epic dragon fantasy Wings of Fire book series, and has sold over 15 million books in her career.

Q: What is Symphony No. 6 (Tchaikovsky)?
A: The Symphony No. 6 in B minor, Op.

Q: What is Edna Parker?
A: Edna Ruth Scott Parker (April 20, 1893 – November 26, 2008) was an American woman who was the oldest living documented person from the death of Yone Minagawa on August 13, 2007 until November 26, 2008.

Q: What is Constitutional Court of Korea?
A: The Constitutional Court of Korea () is one of the highest courtsalong with the Supreme Courtin South Korea's judiciary that reviews the constitution. It is located in Jongno, Seoul.

Q: What is Bronx Zoo?
A: The Bronx Zoo is in the Bronx, New York City. It is one of North America's largest zoos.

Q: What is Lincoln County, West Virginia?
A: Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia.

Q: What is Wörth an der Donau?
A: Wörth an der Donau () is a town in Regensburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the left edge of the Danube, 22&nbsp;km east of Regensburg.

Q: What is Base ten block?
A: Base ten blocks are a tool to help students learn concepts in mathematics such as arithmetic and place value. They are also known as multibase arithmetic blocks (MABs) or Dienes blocks after the Hungarian mathematician Zoltán Pál Dienes, who told others about using them.

Q: What is The Fir Tree?
A: "The Fir Tree" is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. It was published with "The Snow Queen" in Copenhagen, Denmark on 21 December 1844.

Q: What is Champfleury, Aube?
A: Champfleury is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France. Champfleury, Aube

Q: What is Dutch Empire?
A: The Dutch Empire owned several territories that were in control by the Dutch Republic (also known as the United Provinces). The Dutch had created colonial empires, which were similar to those of Portugal and Spain.

Q: What is Violin Concerto in E major (Bach)?
A: The Violin Concerto in E major, BWV 1042, is a violin concerto by Johann Sebastian Bach. It follows the three-movement Venetian concerto style but includes some "un-Italian characteristics" in each movement.

Q: What is Sumer Is Icumen In?
A: "Sumer Is Icumen In" is a very old English song that can be sung as a round. It is the oldest known example of a round.

Q: What is Anhedonia?
A: In psychology, anhedonia (< Greek αν- an-, without + ηδονή hēdonē, pleasure ) is not being able to feel pleasure. This may include not enjoying things like eating, exercise, watching movies, meeting friends, social activities, or sexual interaction and activity.

Q: What is Mariia Miliaeva?
A: Mariia Miliaeva (born 16 July 2001) is a Russian road and track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, in the women's madison event.

Q: What is Richard Bustillo?
A: Richard S Bustillo (January 28, 1942 &ndash; March 30, 2017) was an Americans Bustillo was born to a Filipino family at a YMCA center in Oahu, Hawaii. Bustillo taught Jeet Kune Do, Filipino martial arts, Boxing, Muay Thai, wrestling, mixed martial arts and other arts at his Torrance, California school, the IMB Academy.

Q: What is Arie Irawan?
A: 2013 Muhammad Arie Irawan Ahmad Fauzi (21 August 1990 – 7 April 2019) was a Malaysian professional golfer. He was born in Selangor, Malaysia.

Q: What is Hassan Bek Mosque?
A: The Hassan Bek Mosque (, , also known as the Hasan Bey Mosque) is a mosque in Jaffa, which is now part of the Tel Aviv-Yafo municipality, in Israel. It is considered to be one of the most well-known mosques.

Q: What is Louise Sauvage?
A: Alix Louise Sauvage, OAM (born 18 September 1973) is an Australian Paralympic wheelchair racer and coach. She won nine gold medals and four silver medals at the Paralympic Games.

Q: What is Ziggy Stardust (song)?
A: "Ziggy Stardust" is a song by English singer-songwriter David Bowie. It was on Bowie’s 1972 concept album The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars.

Q: What is Leukemia?
A: Leukemia or leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells and bone marrow. When a person has leukemia, the body creates too many white blood cells (leukocytes).

Q: What is John Mahoney?
A: John Mahoney (June 20, 1940 &ndash; February 4, 2018) was an American-British actor. He was known for his role as Martin Crane in the sitcom Frasier which ran from 1993 to 2004.

Q: What is Chlamydia psittaci?
A: Chlamydia Psittaci is a lethal bacterial species of chlamydia. It lives in cells and causes respiratory psittacosis (also known as ornithosis) in humans.

Q: What is Battrans?
A: Battrans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Flag of Russia?
A: The flag of Russia is a horizontal tricolor of three colors - white on the top, blue in the middle, and red on the bottom. These Slavic tricolors are also used in flags of other Slavic nations (e.g.

Q: What is Cedarosaurus?
A: Cedarosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous brachiosaurid sauropod that ate tall vegetation from the tree canopy (biology)

Q: What is Houston Chronicle?
A: The Houston Chronicle is the largest daily newspaper in Texas, USA. As of March 2007, it is the ninth largest newspaper circulating in the United States.

Q: What is Sylvirana guentheri?
A: Gunther's Amoy frog, Guenther's Amoy frog, Günther's frog, Guenther's frog, Günther's red-and-black frog or Gunther's brown frog (Sylvirana guentheri) is a frog from Vietnam, China and Taiwan. People have introduced species

Q: What is Claude C. Krijgelmans?
A: Claude C. Krijgelmans (9 January 1934 – 5 December 2022) was a Belgian writer, translator and painter.

Q: What is New Age?
A: , UK The New Age, also called the New Age movement is a kind of spiritual belief and way of life held by some westerners. It is not an organized religion nor a new religious movement (NRM).

Q: What is List of cities in Kazakhstan?
A: This is a list of cities with more than 50,000 people in Kazakhstan. The names of many places have been changed during the last century, sometimes more than once.

Q: What is Heuland?
A: Heuland is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Oleg Blokhin?
A: Oleg Blokhin (born 5 November 1952) is a Ukrainian football player turned manager. He played for Soviet Union national team.

Q: What is Christian Bale?
A: Christian Charles Philip Bale (born 30 January 1974) is a Welsh actor. He is from Haverfordwest in Pembrokeshire.

Q: What is Alyosha's Love?
A: Alyosha's Love () is a 1960 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgi Shchukin and Semyon Tumanov. It stars Leonid Bykov, Aleksandra Zavyalova, and Alexey Gribov.

Q: What is Iron Eyes Cody?
A: Espera DeCorti or Oscar DeCorti or Iron Eyes Cody (April 3, 1907 – January 4, 1999) was a Sicilian - American actor. He played Native American characters whitewashing in movies

Q: What is Älihan Smaiylov?
A: Älihan Asqanūly Smaiylov (, ; born 18 December 1972) is a Kazakh politician. He was the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan from 2022 until 2024.

Q: What is Matzah?
A: Matzah, matzo, or maẓẓah (Hebrew: מַצָּה, romanized: maṣṣā, pl.: matzot or Ashk. matzos) is an unleavened flatbread that is part of Jewish cuisine.

Q: What is Fin Fang Foom?
A: Fin Fang Foom is a supervillain that first appeared in 1961 in the #89 issue of Strange Tales. He was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby.

Q: What is Valeria Caracuta?
A: Valeria Caracuta (born 14 December 1987 in San Pietro Vernotico) is an Italian volleyball player. She played at the 2013 Mediterranean Games, 2013 FIVB World Grand Prix, and 2015 European Games.

Q: What is Zenani Mandela-Dlamini?
A: Princess Zenani Mandela-Dlamini (born 4 February 1959) is a South African diplomat. She is the elder daughter of Nelson Mandela and his second wife, Winnie Mandela.

Q: What is Bokermannohyla ravida?
A: The Bokermannohyla ravida is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, 947 meters above sea level.

Q: What is Wanica District?
A: Wanica is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Lelydorp.

Q: What is Nordre Follo?
A: Nordre Follo is a municipality in Akershus (county), Norway. Nordre Follo was created on 1 January 2020 from the former municipalities of Ski and Oppegård.

Q: What is Achraf Hakimi?
A: Achraf Hakimi Mouh (; born 4 November 1998) is a Moroccan-Spanish football player. He plays as a right-back for Paris Saint-Germain and the Morocco national team.

Q: What is List of extinct volcanoes?
A: An extinct volcano is a volcano which scientists consider unlikely to erupt again. A volcano that has not erupted in the past 10,000 years is often listed as extinct.

Q: What is Samsung Galaxy S24?
A: The Samsung Galaxy S24, Samsung Galaxy S24+, Samsung Galaxy S24 and Samsung Galaxy S24 FE are Android smartphone series designed, manufactured and marketed by Samsung. They were released in January 13, 2024.

Q: What is Tord Peterson?
A: Tord Peterson (21 April 1926 – 11 January 2021) was a Swedish actor. He was in more than 80 movies and television shows from 1953 to 2013.

Q: What is Chuck Lorre Productions?
A: Chuck Lorre Productions is a production company mainly used on television series, created by Chuck Lorre.

Q: What is Attempted assassination of Hassan Sheikh Mohamud?
A: On 18 March 2025, Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, president of Somalia, was attacked by Al-Shabaab (militant group) The blast killed at least 10 people, seven security personnel and three civilians, and injured 20 others. Among the victims was 31-year-old Somali Radio Risaala journalist Mohamed Abukar Dabaashe, who became the first journalist killed in Somalia in 2025.

Q: What is Nigel Reo-Coker?
A: Nigel Shola Andre Reo-Coker (born 14 May 1984) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder, as well as a football commentator and pundit for CBS Sports.

Q: What is Luis Egidio Meléndez?
A: Luis Egidio Meléndez (Naples, 1716-Madrid, 1780) was a Spanish painter. Although he received little acclaim or praise during his lifetime and died in poverty, Meléndez is recognized today as the greatest Spanish still life painter of the eighteenth century.

Q: What is Italo-Dalmatian languages?
A: The Italo-Dalmatian languages are a branch of Romance languages. They are mainly spoken in Italy.

Q: What is A. W. Norblad?
A: Albin Walter Norblad, Sr., (March 18, 1881-April 17, 1960) was a prominent citizen of Astoria, Oregon and the Republican Governor of Oregon from 1929 to 1931. He was the father of Representative A.

Q: What is Johannes Kert?
A: Johannes Kert (3 December 1959 – 4 March 2021) was an Estonian politician and military officer. He was the Commander of the Estonian Defence Forces from 1996 until 2000.

Q: What is Angel food cake?
A: :Angel Cake is also the name of a doll in the Strawberry Shortcake series. Angel food cake is an example of cake that became popular in the United States in the 19th century.

Q: What is Deluge myth?
A: 's illustrated edition of the Bible. Based on the story of Noah's Ark, this shows humans and a tiger doomed by the flood futilely attempting to save their children and cubs.

Q: What is Pieter Omtzigt?
A: Pieter Herman Omtzigt (born 8 January 1974 in The Hague) is a Dutch independent politician and a former member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). Since June 2003, he has almost continuously been a member of the House of Representatives.

Q: What is Chandragupta Maurya's Greek Satrapies campaigns?
A: Chandragupta Maurya's Greek satrapies campaigns were a series of military campaigns by led by Chandragupta Maurya who conquered the satrapies from the Macedonia (ancient kingdom)

Q: What is Hapi (Nile god)?
A: Hapi was the god of the annual flooding of the Nile in ancient Egyptian religion. The flood deposited fertile soil on the river's banks, allowing the Egyptians to grow crops.

Q: What is Kingdom of Kent?
A: The Kingdom of Kent was a kingdom of the Jutes in southeast England in the sixth to tenth centuries. kingdoms of England

Q: What is Clay County, Mississippi?
A: Clay County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi.

Q: What is WAGR S class?
A: The WAGR S class were a total of 10 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1943 to 1972. The S class were notable for being the only full design by Midland Railway Workshops, having been originally proposed in the 1930s by Draftsman Frederick Mills, who went on to become the Chief Mechanical Engineer (CME) of the WAGR until his death in 1949.

Q: What is Schwyz?
A: Schwyz can mean: * Canton of Schwyz, a canton of Switzerland * Schwyz (city), the capital of the canton of Schwyz, Switzerland * Schwyz (district), a district of the canton of Schwyz, Switzerland

Q: What is Rudy Markussen?
A: Rudy Markussen (born July 24, 1977 in Copenhagen) is a retired Danish professional boxer. His nickname is The Hard Hitter.

Q: What is Arras?
A: Arras (; ) is a commune. It is the prefecture of the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region.

Q: What is Daigo Watanabe?
A: Daigo Watanabe (born 3 December 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kyoto Sanga.

Q: What is Gloria Loring?
A: Gloria Loring (December 10, 1946) is an American actress and singer. She began her career at the age of 14.

Q: What is Digital preservation?
A: Digital preservation is the process of keeping digital information safe and usable over time. This is important because digital files can be lost or become unreadable as technology changes.

Q: What is Argentine Primera División?
A: Primera División Argentina (English: "Argentine First Division") is a professional football league in Argentina. It is the top division in the country, and has a promotion and relegation system.

Q: What is Scythrophrys?
A: Scythrophrys is a group of frogs in the family Leptodactylidae. There is only one species in the group, Scythrophrys sawayae, which people call the Banhado frog in English.

Q: What is Giulio Andreotti?
A: Giulio Andreotti (January 14, 1919 &ndash; May 6, 2013) was an Italian politician of the Christian Democracy party. He was the 41st Prime Minister of Italy from 1972 to 1973, from 1976 to 1979 and from 1989 to 1992.

Q: What is Defensor Sporting?
A: Defensor Sporting Club is a football club which plays in Uruguay. The club formed from a merger of two football clubs ; Club Atlético Defensor and Sporting Club Uruguay in 1989.

Q: What is Alton, Utah?
A: Alton is a town in Kane County, Utah, United States. establishments in Utah Territory in Kane County, Utah

Q: What is Synthetic radioisotope?
A: A synthetic radioisotope is a radioactive isotope that has been man made. Examples of some synthetic radioisotopes include Tennessine atoms and some Uranium atoms.

Q: What is Fábio Santos (footballer, born 1985)?
A: Fábio Santos Romeu (born 16 September 1985) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Corinthians.

Q: What is Earth to Luna!?
A: Earth to Luna! (Portuguese: O Show da Luna!) is a Brazilian animated children's television series. It was directed by Célia Catunda and Kiko Mistrorigo, and produced by TV PinGuim.

Q: What is Hakka?
A: Hakka may refer to: * Hakka people * Hakka language, a branch of the Chinese language * Hakka architecture * Hakka cuisine * Hakka (genus), a genus of jumping spiders

Q: What is Suinae?
A: Suinae is a subfamily of mammals. It includes at least some of the living members of the family Suidae and their closest relatives—the domestic pig and related species, such as babirusas.

Q: What is Silver Star?
A: The Silver Star (officially the Silver Star Medal), is the United States third highest military decoration for valor. It can be awarded to any person serving in the United States Armed Forces.

Q: What is Joe Bell?
A: Joseph Alexander Bell (November 27, 1923 – February 17, 2014) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played 62 games in the National Hockey League.

Q: What is Marc Veasey?
A: Marc Allison Veasey (born January 3, 1971) is an American politician. Veasey is the United States Representative for Texas's 33rd congressional district, winning the office in November 2012.

Q: What is Lokah Chapter 1?
A: Chandra: Lokah: Chapter 1 — Chandra is a 2025 Indian movie in the Malayalam language. It is a dark fantasy superhero movie directed by Dominic Arun and produced by Dulquer Salmaan under Wayfarer Films.

Q: What is Kingman, Arizona?
A: Kingman is a city in and the county seat of Mohave County, Arizona, United States. At the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Ame-no-Tanagao Shrine?
A: Ame-no-Tanagao Shrine (天手長男神社 Ame-no-Tanagao Shrine, Ama-no-Tanagao Shrine ) is a Shinto shrine in Iki City, Nagasaki Prefecture. It is a Myojin Taisha and the Ichinomiya of Iki Province.

Q: What is Oliver Twist (movie)?
A: Oliver Twist is a 1948 movie directed by David Lean. It stars John Howard Davies as Oliver, Alec Guinness as Fagin, Robert Newton as Bill Sikes, and Kay Walsh as Nancy.

Q: What is Alfonso VII of León and Castile?
A: Alfonso VII (1 March 1105 – 21 August 1157), born Alfonso Raimúndez, he was called the Emperor (el Emperador). He was given rule in Galacia alongside his mother Urraca of León in 1107.

Q: What is You Made Me the Thief of Your Heart?
A: "You Made Me the Thief of Your Heart" is a 1994 song by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor and was taken from the 1993 movie In the Name of the Father. It went to number 42 in the United Kingdom, number 52 in Scotland, number 4 in Ireland, number 9 in the Netherlands, number 24 in New Zealand, number 19 in Finland and number 43 in Australia.

Q: What is Arizona State University?
A: Arizona State University is a public university with its main campus in Tempe, Arizona. It has three other physical campuses in the Phoenix area, and also has a very large online operation.

Q: What is Tulcea?
A: Tulcea is a city of Dobrogea in Romania. As of 2002, nearly 92,000 people were living in Tulcea.

Q: What is Anti-austerity movement in Spain?
A: The anti-austerity movement in Spain was a large group of protests and social actions that started in 2011. The movement was a response to high unemployment, government spending cuts, and political corruption during and after the global financial crisis of 2008.

Q: What is Addison, Illinois?
A: Addison is a village in the Chicago metropolitan area, in DuPage County, Illinois in the United States. It had a 2020 population of 35,702.

Q: What is Joseph Smith?
A: Joseph Smith, Jr. (December 23, 1805 – June 27, 1844) was the founder and first president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

Q: What is Cambridge Heath railway station?
A: Cambridge Heath railway station is in Cambridge Heath in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in east London. The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Overground, on the West Anglia route to Cheshunt and Enfield Town, and it is in Travelcard Zone 2.

Q: What is Ricardo Bauleo?
A: Ricardo Bauleo Vicente (30 August 1946 &ndash; 24 April 2014) was an Argentine actor. He worked most on movies and television shows.

Q: What is Rävåsens IK?
A: Rävåsens IK is a sports club in Rävåsen in Karlskoga, Sweden. It was established in 1941.

Q: What is Eric Newby?
A: Eric Newby (1919-2006) was an English writer and traveler. He traveled to many parts of Europe, South Asia and Central Asia.

Q: What is Sultanate of Rum?
A: The Sultanate of Rûm was a Sunni Muslim kingdom in Anatolia, founded by Süleyman I of Rüm of the Seljuk dynasty, from 1077 to 1308. Süleyman was a Muslim Turkoman ruler in Anatolia.

Q: What is R.O.S.E.?
A: R.O.S.E. is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Jessie J.

Q: What is Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year?
A: has already been chosen as the Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year six times and has the most number of awards. Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year is an yearly title awarded to the best Azerbaijani football (soccer) player of the year.

Q: What is Wang Jingwei?
A: Wang Jingwei was a Chinese politician who was the president of the Reorganized National Government of the Republic of China and member of the left Kuomintang. Wang was born in Sanshui, Guangdong on May 6th, 1883.

Q: What is Rain shadow?
A: slope the water falls out. The dried air goes down the other side, gets warmer, holds water and does not rain A rain shadow is an area of land that lies behind a mountain which gets almost no rainfall.

Q: What is Semestene?
A: Semestene (Semèstene) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 157 people lived there.

Q: What is Samsung Galaxy A15?
A: The Samsung Galaxy A15 and Samsung Galaxy A15 5G are Android smartphones developed by Samsung Electronics as an part of its Galaxy A series. They were announced on 11 December 2023, and released on the sixteenth of December less than a week later.

Q: What is Persian Inscriptions on Indian Monuments?
A: inscribed with Persian poems Persian Inscriptions on Indian Monuments is a book written by Dr. Ali-Asghar Hekmat.

Q: What is Espírito Santo?
A: Espírito Santo is one of the states of southeastern Brazil. It is often referred to as "ES".

Q: What is The Waitresses?
A: The Waitresses were an American experimental new wave music group. They were from Akron, Ohio.

Q: What is Chandra Theertham (Karaikal)?
A: Chandra Theertham is the temple tank of Karaikal Ammayar Temple, Nithyakalyana Perumal Temple and the Karaikal Kailasanathar Temple. The Karaikal float festival (Theppam) is celebrated in this temple tank.

Q: What is WWE Raw?
A: WWE Raw, also known as Monday Night Raw, is a professional wrestling television program made by WWE. It is broadcast every Monday since January 11, 1993.

Q: What is Seewen?
A: Seewen is a municipality of the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. Baslerweiher is a pond above the village.

Q: What is The Deer Hunter?
A: { ! colspan="2" | Academy Awards record |- | 1. Best Supporting Actor, Christopher Walken |- | 2.

Q: What is Fork-tailed woodnymph?
A: The fork-tailed woodnymph (Thalurania furcata) is a species of hummingbird. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela.

Q: What is Newhart?
A: Newhart is an American sitcom series that aired on CBS from 1982 to 1990. It stars Bob Newhart, Mary Frann, Julia Duffy, Jennifer Holmes, Tom Poston, Steven Kampmann, William Sanderson, Peter Scolari, Linda Carlson.

Q: What is Fairfield, Utah?
A: Fairfield is a town in Utah County, Utah, United States. establishments in Utah Territory in Utah County, Utah

Q: What is Jimmy Creighton?
A: James Albert "Jimmy" Creighton (November 18, 1905 — May 29, 1990) was a Canadian ice hockey player and politician from Brandon, Manitoba. Creighton played eleven games in the National Hockey League with the Detroit Falcons in 1931, scoring one goal and receiving one minor penalty.

Q: What is Jarasandha?
A: Jarasandh was king of Magadha, a kingdom in ancient India. He was a powerful ruler who opposed Krishna and the Pandavas.

Q: What is You're My Heart, You're My Soul?
A: "You're My Heart, You're My Soul" is the first single by the German duo Modern Talking. The song is part of their debut album "The 1st Album".

Q: What is Walt Davis?
A: Walter Francis "Buddy" Davis (January 5, 1931 – November 17, 2020) was an American athlete. He won a gold medal in the high jump at the 1952 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Dipole antenna?
A: might build. The dipole antenna is one of the most important and commonly used type of radio antenna.

Q: What is Atrescine?
A: Atrescine (from A3CINE) is a Spanish television channel. It was started in 2018.

Q: What is Sun, Louisiana?
A: Sun is a village in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Saint-Ouen-en-Champagne?
A: Saint-Ouen-en-Champagne is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Q: What is Julián Padrón?
A: Julián Padrón (September 8, 1910 - August 2, 1954) was a Venezuelan writer. He wrote for books, newspapers and magazines.

Q: What is Indiana Evans?
A: Indiana Rose Evans is an Australian actress and singer. She was born in Sydney, Australia.

Q: What is Tingsryd Municipality?
A: Tingsryd Municipality () is a municipality in Kronoberg County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Tingsryd.

Q: What is Sangai Festival 2013?
A: The Sangai Festival 2013 () was organized by the Tourism Department of the Government of Manipur. The festival took place at Hapta Kangjeibung from 21 to 30 November 2013.

Q: What is Lord of the Flies?
A: Lord of the Flies is a novel written by William Golding. It was published in 1954.

Q: What is Edward & Gordon?
A: "Edward & Gordon" (North American English: Edward Helps Out) is the second episode and first series of Thomas & Friends.

Q: What is Feroze Gandhi?
A: Feroze Gandhi or "Ghandy" Born 12 September 1912, Mumbai Died: 8 September 1960, New Delhi Full name: Feroze Jehangir Ghandy Spouse: Indira Gandhi (m. 1942–1960) Resting place: Prayagraj Parents: Faredoon Jehangir Ghandy, Ratimai Commissariat He was an Indian freedom fighter, politician and journalist.

Q: What is Wayne Allard?
A: Wayne Allard (born December 2, 1943) was a Republican Party (United States) Allard was born on December 2, 1943 in Fort Collins, Colorado. He graduated from the Colorado State University.

Q: What is Sprawl trilogy?
A: The Sprawl trilogy is William Gibson's first set of novels. The three books in the series are: Neuromancer (1984), Count Zero (1986), and Mona Lisa Overdrive (1988).

Q: What is Beloit, Kansas?
A: Beloit is a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Mitchell County.

Q: What is Vassens?
A: Vassens is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is North Carolina State University?
A: North Carolina State University is a public university in Raleigh, North Carolina. It has about 31,000 students.

Q: What is Hyperion (tree)?
A: Hyperion is the name of a coast redwood tree (Sequoia sempervirens) in California, United States. It is the world's tallest known living tree, measuring 116.07 m (380.8 ft).

Q: What is Neutral Milk Hotel?
A: Neutral Milk Hotel is an American indie rock band. They started in Ruston, Louisiana in 1989.

Q: What is Ruby (disambiguation)?
A: A ruby is a red gemstone. Ruby may also refer to: *Ruby, Alaska, a city in the U.S.

Q: What is Mut?
A: Mut was an ancient Egyptian goddess. Mut meant mother in the ancient Egyptian language.

Q: What is Ms. Pac-Man?
A: Ms. Pac-Man is an arcade video game made by Midway Manufacturing (now Midway Games).

Q: What is Betty Ford?
A: Elizabeth Anne Bloomer Ford (April 8, 1918 – July 8, 2011) was the first lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 as the wife of the 38th president of the United States, Gerald Ford. Before becoming first lady, she was the second lady of the United States from 1973 to 1974 when her husband was vice president.

Q: What is Romesh Chandra?
A: Romesh Chandra (30 March 1919 – 4 July 2016) was an Indian leader of the Communist Party of India (CPI). He took part in the Indian independence movement as student leader of CPI after joining it in 1939.

Q: What is Trigonal planar molecular geometry?
A: has trigonal planar molecular geometry. Trigonal planar molecular geometry is a type of molecular geometry.

Q: What is Nexhmije Hoxha?
A: Nexhmije Hoxha (; February 8, 1921 &ndash; February 25, 2020) was the widow of Albanian communist leader Enver Hoxha. Hoxha was born Nexhmije Xhuglini in Bitolj.

Q: What is Critical thinking?
A: Critical thinking is a smart way of thinking. It means looking carefully at information or problems and deciding if they are good or not.

Q: What is Early world maps?
A: The earliest known world maps are from the 6th to 5th centuries BC. They show the world in a different and very simple shape.

Q: What is Tommy Bahama?
A: Tommy Bahama Group Inc. is an American company that makes casual clothes for men and women.

Q: What is Convair B-36 Peacemaker?
A: The B-36 Peacemaker was a strategic bomber. It was used in the United States.

Q: What is Michael McKean?
A: Michael John McKean (born October 17, 1947) is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and musician. He played Lenny Kosnowski in Laverne & Shirley, David St.

Q: What is Oligocene?
A: The Oligocene is the last geological epoch in the Palaeogene. It lasted for about 11 million years, from 34 million years ago to 23 million years ago.

Q: What is Craig Brewster?
A: Craig James Brown Brewster (born 13 December 1966) is a Scottish former professional footballer, turned coach. He made his name in a long playing career as a striker for numerous clubs in Scotland, particularly Forfar Athletic, Raith Rovers, Dundee United and Dunfermline Athletic.

Q: What is Anshan?
A: Anshan () is an inland prefecture-level city in central-southeast Liaoning province, People's Republic of China. It is located about 92 kilometres (57 miles) south of the provincial capital of Shenyang.

Q: What is Arcane (TV series)?
A: Arcane is an American animated television series created by Christian Linke and Alex Yee. The first episode was shown on 6 November 2021.

Q: What is Marc Fortier?
A: Marc Fortier (born February 26, 1966) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. He played a career total of 212 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Grits?
A: Grits are a type of porridge made from coarsely ground dried maize or hominy. Grits are cooked in warm salted water or milk.

Q: What is Connor McIntyre?
A: Connor McIntyre (born 30 November 1960) is an English actor and painter. He is best known for portraying the role of Pat Phelan in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street (2013–2014, 2016–2018).

Q: What is Sekal Has to Die?
A: Sekal Has to Die (; ) is a 1998 Czech World War II drama movie directed by Vladimír Michálek and starring Bogusław Linda, Olaf Lubaszenko, Agnieszka Sitek, Jiří Bartoška, Vlasta Chramostová, L'udovít Cittel.

Q: What is Banff, Alberta?
A: Banff is a town within Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada. It is located in Alberta's Rockies along the Trans-Canada Highway, approximately west of Calgary and east of Lake Louise.

Q: What is A Friend of the Deceased?
A: A Friend of the Deceased () is a 1997 French Ukrainian drama movie directed by Viacheslav Kryshtofovych and starring Aleksandr Lazarev Jr., Anzhelika Nevolina, Elena Korikova, Tetiana Kryvytska Stang Lund, Yevheniy Pashin, Serhiy Romaniuk, Anatoliy Mateshko, Rostislav Yankovsky.

Q: What is Phoebus?
A: Phoebus (means shining-one) was first appeared in the Illiad a name of the Greek god Apollo. But later, in Roman era, Apollo was conflated with Helios, who was the Sun god in Greece.

Q: What is Carlos Mota Pinto?
A: Carlos Alberto da Mota Pinto, GCC, GCIP, (; Pombal, 25 July 1936 &ndash; Coimbra, 7 May 1985) was a Portuguese professor and politician.

Q: What is Nicolette Poulos?
A: Nicolette Poulos is a South African women's national team water polo player and former national team captain. She represented South Africa in its first international competition in the Netherlands in 1997 and retired from international play in 2012.

Q: What is Peach?
A: The peach is a species of the Prunus persica, and is a fruit tree of the rose family Rosaceae. They grow in the warm regions of both the northern and southern hemispheres.

Q: What is Norman F. Bates?
A: Norman Francis Bates (November 6, 1839 - October 16, 1915) was an American soldier. He got the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.

Q: What is Chile national futsal team?
A: The "Chile national futsal team" represents Chile in international futsal. They are yet to feature at the FIFA Futsal World Cup.

Q: What is Jim Lovell?
A: James Arthur Lovell Jr. (March 25, 1928 &ndash; August 7, 2025) was an American NASA astronaut and test pilot.

Q: What is Rappin' for Jesus?
A: "Rappin' for Jesus" is a parody song from 2013. Brian Spinney uploaded it to YouTube, where it has over 92 million views, on February 5, 2013, saying he directed it in high school The Huffington Post did not know if it was, but said it is "Very peculiar indeed".

Q: What is Amelanchier alnifolia?
A: A Saskatoon berry is a small, purple fruit from the Amelanchier alnifolia shrub, native to North America. Also known as the serviceberry or juneberry, it has a sweet flavor that is often compared to a mix of blueberry and almond.

Q: What is List of awards and nominations received by Marion Cotillard?
A: { |- | Cotillard at the 2017 Cabourg Film Festival !style="vertical-align: middle;"| Award | Wins | Nominations | ;Academy Awards | | | ;BAFTA Awards | | | ;César Awards | | | ;European Film Awards | | | ;Golden Globe Awards | | | ;SAG Awards | | |} This is a list of awards and nominations received by French actress Marion Cotillard.

Q: What is Peace on Earth (U2 song)?
A: "Peace on Earth" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the eighth track from their 10th studio album All That You Can't Leave Behind and the lyrics were inspired by the 1998 Omagh bombing in Northern Ireland.

Q: What is Kaipara ki Mahurangi?
A: Kaipara ki Mahurangi is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 2020.

Q: What is Joni Lamb?
A: Joni Lamb (born July 19, 1960) is a Christian broadcaster and the co-founder, vice-president, and executive producer of the Daystar Television Network. She has been involved with Christian television since the mid-1980s.

Q: What is Rhodes, Iowa?
A: Rhodes is a city in Iowa in the United States. The population was 271 at the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Georgenberg, Neustadt?
A: Georgenberg is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany, on the border with the Czech Republic.

Q: What is Eugie Foster?
A: Eugie K. Foster (December 30, 1971 &ndash; September 27, 2014) was an American short story writer, columnist, and editor.

Q: What is Labradoodle?
A: A Labradoodle is a mixed-breed dog, created by breeding a Labrador Retriever with a Poodle. Labradoodles are now bred worldwide.

Q: What is Becky (slang)?
A: Becky is a female nickname for Rebecca (a name found in the Old Testament of the Bible). The term Becky may come from the protagonist Becky Sharp from the 1848 novel Vanity Fair and its connected movie

Q: What is Toon Pfaff?
A: Antonius "Toon" Pfaff (24 October 1952 – 29 November 2022) was a Belgian professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He played 123 matches with K.S.K.

Q: What is Lauderdale County, Alabama?
A: Lauderdale County is a county in the northwestern corner of the U.S. state of Alabama.

Q: What is Arthur Penn?
A: Arthur Hiller Penn (September 27, 1922 – September 28, 2010) was an American director and producer for movies and television. He directed many movies that got high marks in the 1960s, such as The Chase and Bonnie and Clyde.

Q: What is Orschwihr?
A: Orschwihr is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Q: What is Come Fly with Me (2010 TV series)?
A: Come Fly with Me is a British mockumentary comedy television series. It was created by and stars Matt Lucas and David Walliams.

Q: What is Daniel Cleary?
A: Daniel Michael Cleary (born December 18, 1978) is a former Canadian ice hockey left and right winger that played for the Detroit Red Wings. He also played for the Chicago Blackhawks for 2 seasons, the Edmonton Oilers for 4 seasons and the Phoenix Coyotes for 1 season.

Q: What is Takin?
A: The Takin (Budorcas taxicolor) is a goat-antelope found in the Eastern Himalayas, Sikkim, northern Assam, northern Burma, and central and southern China. The takin is the national animal of Bhutan.

Q: What is Please Come Home for Christmas?
A: "Please Come Home for Christmas" is a Christmas song and was first released in 1960 by American blues singer Charles Brown. It went to number 76 in the United States and the song has been covered by many artists including the Eagles in 1978.

Q: What is Michael Shanks?
A: Michael Garrett Shanks (born December 15, 1970, Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian actor, writer and director. He became famous for his role as Dr.

Q: What is Colombo, Paraná?
A: Colombo is the third largest city in Greater Curitiba, state of Paraná, found in the Southern Region of Brazil. It is located at 25º17'30" S, 49º13'27" W, at an altitude of about 1.027 metres above sea level, some 18 km from state capital, Curitiba.

Q: What is Kwok Tak-seng?
A: Kwok Tak-seng OBE (12 March 1911 – 30 October 1990) was a Hong Kong businessman. He was the founder of Sun Hung Kai Properties, one of the major property developers in Hong Kong.

Q: What is Elitserien (men's volleyball)?
A: Elitserien () is the Swedish men's volleyball top division. It is followed up by the Swedish national championship playoff by late February-early March.

Q: What is Tú Sólo Tú?
A: "Tú Sólo Tú" () is a song by American singer Selena. "Tú Sólo Tú" became the last single released from Dreaming of You (1995).

Q: What is Ludwigslust (district)?
A: Ludwigslust is a former district in the southwest of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. The district is mostly between the Elbe river and the city of Schwerin.

Q: What is Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards?
A: The Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards or simply Golden Horse is a movie festival and awards ceremony held annually in Taiwan. The ceremony usually takes place in November or December in Taipei.

Q: What is Yury Zaitsev?
A: Yury Konstantinovich Zaitsev (; 17 January 1951 – 30 September 2022) was a Soviet Olympic weightlifting

Q: What is Shamilia Connell?
A: Shamilia Shontell Connell (born 14 July 1992 in Barbados) is a Barbadian cricketer. She is a right arm fast bowler who bats right-handed.

Q: What is Oosterwolde, Friesland?
A: Oosterwolde, Stellingwarfs: Oosterwoolde, is a village in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf, Friesland Province, the Netherlands. Oosterwolde is the main settlement of the municipality, and is at east end of the province, near the Province of Drenthe.

Q: What is Shiprock?
A: Shiprock is the remains of an extinct volcano in the U.S. state of New Mexico.

Q: What is Fressancourt?
A: Fressancourt is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is Goo Goo Gai Pan?
A: "Goo Goo Gai Pan" is the 12th episode of The Simpsons 16th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on March 13, 2005.

Q: What is Aeschylus?
A: Mask”. Gold, found in Tomb V in Mycenae by Heinrich Schliemann (1876), XVIth century BC.

Q: What is Copper oxide?
A: Copper oxide can refer to either of these compounds: *Copper(I) oxide, Cu2O, reddish *Copper(II) oxide, CuO, black

Q: What is Michio Kaku?
A: Dr. Michio Kaku (Japanese: ミチオ カク, 加来 道雄) (born 24 January 1947) is a Japanese-American futurist, theoretical physicist and a performer on the Science Channel, particularly for Sci-Fi Science.

Q: What is Zdeněk Jičínský?
A: Zdeněk Jičínský (26 February 1929 – 9 April 2020) was a Czech lawyer and politician. He served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic from 1996 to 2002 and from 2003 to 2010.

Q: What is Conversion to Islam?
A: in 2009, Pew research. Darker colours mean more Muslims.

Q: What is Priscilla Renea?
A: Priscilla Renea (born September 14, 1988) is an American singer. She released the single "Dollhouse" in August 2009.

Q: What is Angry Birds Go!?
A: Angry Birds Go! is a 2013 racing game developed by Rovio Entertainment. It is the first 3D video game by the company.

Q: What is Sándor Tarics?
A: Sándor Tarics (23 September 1913 &ndash; 21 May 2016) was a Hungarians He attended the 2012 Summer Olympics Tarics died in San Francisco, California on 21 May 2016 at the age of 102.

Q: What is Calgary Wranglers?
A: The Calgary Wranglers are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2022.

Q: What is Kaisei Academy?
A: The Kaisei Academy is a preparatory boys private secondary school located in Arakawa ward of Tokyo, Japan.

Q: What is Oakland, Florida?
A: Oakland is a town in Orange County, Florida, United States. It is part of the Orlando&ndash;Kissimmee Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Q: What is Bobana Veličković?
A: Bobana Veličković (; 25 January 1990 – 21 June 2020) was a Serbian sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's 10 metre air pistol.

Q: What is Ciudad de la Costa?
A: Ciudad de la Costa is a city in Canelones Department in Uruguay. It was founded on 19 October 1994.

Q: What is Since You Went Away?
A: Since You Went Away is a 1944 drama movie. This movie is about life during World War II.

Q: What is Radio BIP?
A: Radio BIP (in French of Franche-Comté : Bisontine, Indépendante et Populaire ; in english : Bisontine, Independant and Popular) is a French local FM broadcasting station, active in Besançon and Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. Clandestine in 1977-1978, she was refounded in 1981 by the activist Jean-Jacques Boy with a status of voluntary association.

Q: What is Madison County, Georgia?
A: Madison County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia.

Q: What is Garrard County, Kentucky?
A: Garrard County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky.

Q: What is Precious metal?
A: A precious metal is a type of metal that is worth a lot of money compared to most other metals. Some precious metals are gold, silver, and platinum.

Q: What is Augustin-Louis Cauchy?
A: Augustin-Louis Cauchy (21 August 1789 &ndash; 23 May 1857) was a French mathematician and physicist who made many important contributions to mathematical analysis and mathematical physics, including elasticity. Importantly, he created complex analysis, which studies complex functions and their properties.

Q: What is Alto, Texas?
A: Alto is a town in Cherokee County, Texas. At the 2020 census, 1,027 people lived there.

Q: What is Scoring (cricket)?
A: Scoring in the sport of cricket is done by the batting team, and achieved by accumulation of runs and extras. The term is also used for the process of recording scores and dismissals on a ball-by-ball basis.

Q: What is Ripoff?
A: A ripoff happens when something is very overpriced (overcharged). Ripoff affects senior citizens, women, youth and minorities more than others.

Q: What is Blairlogie?
A: Blairlogie is at the base of the great cliff of Dumyat between Stirling and Menstrie was one of central Scotland's earliest Conservation Villages. Blairlogie mainly has cottages from the 17th through the 19th centuries.

Q: What is Plausible Prejudices?
A: Essays on American Writing: Plausible Prejudices: Essays on American Writing is a book of essays about writing. The author is Joseph Epstein.

Q: What is South Park Rally?
A: South Park Rally is a kart-style racing video game released in early 2000 based on the American animated sitcom South Park published by Acclaim Entertainment. video games

Q: What is Echo?
A: Echo could mean: * Echo, as a reflection of sound that can be heard a while after the first sound * Echo (mythology), a nymph from Greek mythology * One type of effect pedals, echo

Q: What is TVRi?
A: TVR Internațional (68 de Ani Televiziunea Română) Internațional) (, abbreviated as TVRi, is the international channel of Televiziunea Română, Romania's government-funded television network.

Q: What is Red Forest?
A: The Red Forest (, ) is in the area around the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. The forest is the trees in the 10 square kilometre

Q: What is Suicide Squad (movie)?
A: Suicide Squad is an American superhero movie based on the DC Comics team of the same name. The movie was written and directed by David Ayer.

Q: What is Royal National Lifeboat Institution?
A: The Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) is an agency which rescues people at sea in the United Kingdom, Ireland, the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, as well as on some large rivers. The RNLI is a charity.

Q: What is Vaghela?
A: Vaghela may refer to; *Vaghela (Gurjar clan), clan of Gujjar community *Vaghela (Rajput clan), clan of Vaghela Kshatriyas

Q: What is Shampoo (movie)?
A: Shampoo is a 1975 American comedy movie directed by Hal Ashby and starring Warren Beatty, Julie Christie, Tony Bill, Lee Grant, Jack Warden, Jay Robinson, Carrie Fisher, Susanna Moore. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1976.

Q: What is 2015 United Kingdom general election?
A: The United Kingdom general election of 2015 elected the 56th Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was held on 7 May 2015.

Q: What is Ottawa Lady Senators?
A: The Ottawa Lady Senators are a women's ice hockey team, that are from Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. They played in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL) until 2010.

Q: What is Soibam?
A: Soibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Q: What is Cecilia Church?
A: The Cecilia Church () a church in Vilhelmsro outside the town of Jönköping in Sweden. It was built between 1880 and 1881 as a church for the Vilhelmsro Nursing Home.

Q: What is Human rights in the Central African Republic?
A: The Central African Republic, which the United Nations High Commissioner said is having "the most neglected crisis in the world", has an very bad human rights record. It was rated 'Not Free' by Freedom House from 1972 to 1990, in 2002 and 2003, and from 2014 to now.

Q: What is Mohammad Hatta?
A: Mohammad Hatta (;12 August 1902 – 14 March 1980) was Indonesia's first Vice President of Indonesia, later also being the country's Prime Minister. He fought for the independence of Indonesia from the Dutch.

Q: What is West Sulawesi?
A: West Sulawesi () is a province of Indonesia. It is on Sulawesi island.

Q: What is Mary Jane Veloso?
A: Mary Jane Veloso (born 1984/85) is a Filipino maid. She was arrested and sentenced to death for apparently smuggling 2.6 kg of heroin into Indonesia.

Q: What is Claude Heater?
A: Claude Heater (October 25, 1927 – May 28, 2020) was an American opera singer and actor. He was also known for playing the role of Jesus Christ in the 1959 classic movie Ben-Hur.

Q: What is The Facts of Life?
A: The Facts of Life is an American comedy-drama television series. The series ran from August 24, 1979 until May 7, 1988.

Q: What is Portugal?
A: Portugal is a country in Southern Europe on the Iberian Peninsula. It is the westernmost country of Europe and part of the Mediterranean area.

Q: What is Mac OS X Leopard?
A: Mac OS X v10.5 "Leopard" is an operating system made by Apple Inc. for its Macintosh line of computers.

Q: What is Battle of Inkerman?
A: The Battle of Inkerman was fought on 5 November 1854 during the Crimean War. British and French troops spirit of the Russian Army which never again fielded an army against the British and French Ally

Q: What is Sarita Vihar?
A: Sarita Vihar is the part of South East district of NCT DELHI. It is one of the three tehsils of South East Delhi.

Q: What is Ya pear?
A: The Ya pear or Chinese white pear is a type of pear. It is found in northern China, where it is grown for food.

Q: What is Haryana?
A: Haryana () is a state in the Republic of India. The main language spoken in the area are Haryanvi and Panjabi.

Q: What is Norway, Maine?
A: Norway is a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States. It is home to Lake Pennesseewassee, a recreation area.

Q: What is Japanese macaque?
A: The Japanese macaque (Macaca fuscata), also known as the snow monkey, is a monkey that lives in the high mountains of the island of Honshū in Japan. They live in below-zero temperatures, and they like to warm themselves and relax in hot springs.

Q: What is Sepala Attygalle?
A: General Deshamanya Don Sepala Attygalle, LVO, ADC, idc, psc, SLAC (1922 — January 2001) was a Sri Lankan military leader, a civil servant and a diplomat. He became the longest-serving Commander of the Sri Lankan Army (1967–1977).

Q: What is Corbin Bernsen?
A: Corbin Bernsen is an American actor and film director. He is best known for his role as divorce attorney Arnold Becker on the NBC drama series L.A.

Q: What is Barrow Wake?
A: Barrow Wake is a scenic view in Gloucestershire, near Birdlip, England. It is a beautiful area.

Q: What is Under Fire (1957 movie)?
A: Under Fire is a 1957 American war drama movie directed by James B. Clark and starring Rex Reason, Harry Morgan, Steve Brodie, Peter Walker, Robert Levin, Jon Locke.

Q: What is List of Greek islands?
A: This is a list of islands that are part of Greece. They are shown in order of size.

Q: What is Jim Shooter?
A: James Charles Shooter (September 27, 1951 – June 30, 2025) was an American comics writer, editor, and publisher. He began his career writing for DC Comics.

Q: What is Val Bettin?
A: Valentine John "Val" Bettin (July 8, 1923 - January 7, 2021) was an English accent in all of his roles. He is perhaps best known for voicing Dr.

Q: What is Big Bend (Texas)?
A: Big Bend is in the southwest of Texas in the USA. Big Bend is found in the Trans-Pecos region and much of the area of Big Bend is also a part of the Big Bend National Park.

Q: What is Dr. Tangalanga?
A: Julio Victorio De Rissio (10 November 1916 &ndash; 26 December 2013), or Dr. Tangalanga, was a famous Argentine comedian, actor and writer.

Q: What is Boorowa River?
A: The Boorowa River is in New South Wales, Australia. It is a perennial stream.

Q: What is Leaellynasaura?
A: Leaellynasaura (meaning "Leaellyn's lizard") was a fast-running, plant-eating dinosaur that lived in Australia during the middle Cretaceous Period, roughly 115-110 million years ago. Australia was within the Antarctic Circle during the Cretaceous period, and it had a very long winter.

Q: What is ChatGPT Search?
A: ChatGPT Search is an intelligent search engine developed by OpenAI, based on ChatGPT technology. It first launched in November 2024.

Q: What is Ron's Gone Wrong?
A: Ron's Gone Wrong is a 2021 computer-animated science fiction comedy movie. It was directed by Sarah Smith and Jean-Philippe Vine, co-directed by Octavio E.

Q: What is Southern Region (Eritrea)?
A: Southern Region is a region of Eritrea. It is also known as Debub Region.

Q: What is Kucha?
A: province, China; Kucha is pink; Aksu in yellow Kucha (, ) was an ancient Buddhist kingdom in Xinjiang (East Turkestan). It was on the Silk Road.

Q: What is Chris Cox?
A: Christopher Cox (born October 23, 1969) is an American voice actor who has worked in movies, animated television series and video games.

Q: What is Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons?
A: Saint-Ouën-des-Vallons is a former commune of 174 people (1999). It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Antlia Dwarf?
A: The Antlia Dwarf (also known as PGC 29194) is a dwarf spheroidal galaxy (dSph) or irregular galaxy. It is located 4.3 million light years away in the Antlia-Sextans Group in the constellation Antlia.

Q: What is First Battle of the Atlantic?
A: The First Battle of the Atlantic (1914–1918) was a naval campaign of World War I, largely fought in the seas around the British Isles and in the Atlantic Ocean. Both the German Empire and United Kingdom relied heavily on imports to feed their population and supply their war industry; thus both aimed to blockade each other.

Q: What is Roman Candle (album)?
A: Roman Candle is the debut studio album by singer-songwriter Elliott Smith. It was not originally going to be released, but when Cavity Search Records heard the whole album, they wanted to release it.

Q: What is Reduced mass?
A: Reduced mass is an idea from physics. The two-body problem is a problem of two bodies influencing each other.

Q: What is Angina pectoris?
A: Angina pectoris (angina of the heart) is pain which is due to ischaemia of the heart muscle. A common cause of angina pectoris is when the heart is working harder than normal e.g.

Q: What is Area code 636?
A: Area code 636 is a telephone area code in the state of Missouri in the United States. It primarily serves the suburbs and exurbs of St.

Q: What is Emperor Bidatsu?
A: was the 30th certain dates for this emperor's life or reign. The names and sequence of the early emperors were not confirmed as "traditional" until the reign of Emperor Kammu, who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty.

Q: What is Soest, Netherlands?
A: Soest is a municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. In 2019, 46,194 people lived there.

Q: What is Manjimup, Western Australia?
A: Manjimup is a large town in the South West region of Western Australia. It is about 307 kilometers (191 miles) south of Perth, Western Australia

Q: What is Theogony?
A: . This is now believed to be an imaginative portrait of Hesiod.The Theogony (, Theogonía, the birth of the gods) is a poem by Hesiod.

Q: What is Zachary Taylor?
A: Zachary Taylor (November 24, 1784 – July 9, 1850) was the 12th president of the United States from 1849 to his 1850. He was a second cousin to James Madison and was a general during the Mexican-American War.

Q: What is Maria Goretti?
A: Saint Maria Goretti (born Ancona, Italy, 1890-1902) is a Roman Catholic saint. She died of stab wounds when she was 11 after an attempted rape, when she refused to submit to her attacker's demands.

Q: What is Lées-Athas?
A: Lées-Athas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France. in Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Q: What is Jamal Crawford?
A: Jamal Crawford (born March 20, 1980) is a basketball player. He played for the NBA from 2000 to 2020.

Q: What is Diegten?
A: Diegten is a municipality of the district of Waldenburg in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.

Q: What is Bad 25?
A: Bad 25 is the 25th anniversary edition reissue of American singer-songwriter Michael Jackson's iconic album Bad, originally released in 1987. The reissue came out in 2012 and includes remastered versions of the original tracks, as well as previously unreleased demos, rare live recordings, and a documentary about the making of the album and its impact.

Q: What is Vancouver Marathon?
A: The BMO Vancouver Marathon is an annual marathon which is run on the first Sunday of every May in Vancouver, British Columbia. The distance of the race is 26 miles and 385 yards and is the largest international marathon event in Canada.

Q: What is Megalith?
A: , Brittany A megalith is a large stone used to build a structure or monument, either alone or together with other stones. Megalithic means structures made of such large stones, put together without the use of mortar or cement.

Q: What is Steamboat?
A: , an old steamboat that was first called the Idlewild and later called the Avalon of the first steamer, built by Jouffroy d'Albans which is active in the port of Hamburg today. The photo shows the ship in Kiel, A steamboat (also called a steamship or steamer) is a ship that uses a steam engine or steam turbine to move.

Q: What is Lime (band)?
A: Lime is a Canadian disco band from Montreal, Quebec. The group was originally composed of married couple Denis and Denyse LePage who had a 1981 number one US Dance hit with "Your Love".

Q: What is A Free Soul?
A: A Free Soul is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and based on the 1927 novel of the same name by Adela Rogers St. Johns.

Q: What is Loučovice?
A: Loučovice () is a municipality and village in Český Krumlov District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.

Q: What is Tahlia McGrath?
A: Tahlia May McGrath is a cricketer from Australia. She was born on November 10, 1995.

Q: What is Goodwill Industries?
A: Goodwill Industries is an American nonprofit organization. It provides job training, employment placement services, and other community-based programs for people who have barriers to their employment.

Q: What is Katarzyna Klata?
A: Katarzyna Klata (born 18 October 1972) is a Polish archer. Klata competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Hessenstein Castle?
A: Hessenstein Castle (German: Burg Hessenstein) is a castle in Hesse, Germany. The castle lies on a hill in the neighbourhood of Vöhl.

Q: What is Birinus?
A: Birinus (died 650), also St. Birinus was a missionary to Wessex and the first Bishop of Dorchester.

Q: What is Claudia Rodriguez?
A: Claudia Irene Rodríguez Audelo (born 10 August 1981) is a Mexican volleyball player. She played at the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship and 2006 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

Q: What is Dražen Petrović?
A: in 1992 Dražen Petrović (22 October 1964 – 7 June 1993) was a Yugoslav and Croatian professional basketball player. A shooting guard, he initially achieved success playing professional basketball in Europe in the 1980s, before joining the National Basketball Association (NBA) in 1989.

Q: What is Sandro Lopopolo?
A: Sandro Lopopolo (18 December 1939 &ndash; 26 April 2014) was an Italian light welterweight boxer who was born in Milan. Lopopolo won the silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

Q: What is Luka Jović?
A: Luka Jović (; born 23 December 1997) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a striker for club AC Milan and the Serbia national team.

Q: What is Meiwa?
A: was a after Hōreki and before An'ei. This period started in June 1764 and ended in November 1772.Timon Screech

Q: What is Cedar Hills, Oregon?
A: Cedar Hills is a census-designated place in Oregon in the United States. establishments in Oregon places in Oregon in Washington County, Oregon

Q: What is Queensland University of Technology?
A: The Queensland University of Technology (also known as QUT) is a university in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.cite web Many famous people graduated from the university, including singer Darren Hayes, past Treasurer of Australia Wayne Swan, and creationist Ken Ham. It competes with the University of Queensland and Griffith University as the main university of Queensland.

Q: What is UFC 158?
A: UFC 158: St-Pierre vs. Diaz was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on March 16, 2013 at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

Q: What is Carlisle?
A: Carlisle is a city in the north of England near the border with Scotland. It is in the county of Cumbria.

Q: What is World Trade Center station (PATH)?
A: World Trade Center is a terminal station on the PATH system. It is placed inside the complex of buildings named World Trade Center in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City.

Q: What is MBB?
A: MBB may refer to: * McKinsey, Boston, Bain, the world's three largest consulting firms, see Big Three (management consultancies) * Millie Bobby Brown, an English actress * Montgomery bus boycott

Q: What is Ford Falcon?
A: The Ford Falcon is a big car made by Ford in Australia since 1960. It had seven generations and production of it stopped in October 2016.

Q: What is DeKalb County?
A: DeKalb County is the name of six counties in the United States: * DeKalb County, Alabama * DeKalb County, Georgia * DeKalb County, Illinois * DeKalb County, Indiana * DeKalb County, Missouri * DeKalb County, Tennessee

Q: What is Legalization of non-medical cannabis in the United States?
A: behaviour. In certain places of the USA, it is not criminal to use cannabis for recreation.

Q: What is David Rubinger?
A: David Rubinger (; 24 June 1924 – 2 March 2017) was an Israeli photographer. His famous photo of three Israeli paratroopers after the recapture the Western Wall in the Six-Day War has become a defining image of the conflict.

Q: What is Gravitational singularity?
A: A gravitational singularity (sometimes called a spacetime singularity) is a term used to describe the center of a black hole where gravity is thought to approach infinity. In the center of each black hole is a singularity, a point where infinite density develops as spacetime approaches it.

Q: What is Rosie Jiménez?
A: Rosie Jiménez (August 5, 1950 – October 3, 1977) is the first woman to have died in the United States from an unsafe abortion after a law called the Hyde amendment

Q: What is Computational complexity theory?
A: Computational complexity theory is a part of computer science. It looks at algorithms, and tries to say how many steps or how much memory a certain algorithm takes for a computer to do.

Q: What is Höchheim?
A: Höchheim is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. Höchheim has the following villages: Gollmuthhausen, Höchheim, Irmelshausen, Rothausen.

Q: What is The Thin Man (movie)?
A: The Thin Man is a 1934 American mystery comedy movie directed by W. S.

Q: What is Star Wars (1991 video game)?
A: Star Wars is a 1991 platform game made primarily by Lucasfilm Games. video games games games games Boy games Gear games System games Entertainment System games games video games Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope video games

Q: What is Robert Trujillo?
A: Roberto Agustín "Rob" Trujillo (born October 23, 1964) is an American musician who is most famous as the bass player for Metallica. He joined the band in 2003.

Q: What is Harvey L. Wollman?
A: Harvey Lowell Wollman (May 14, 1935 &ndash; October 18, 2022) was an American politician. He was the 26th Governor of South Dakota.

Q: What is Jonathan Lerman?
A: Jonathan Lerman (born 1987) is an American Prodigious Savant. He is an autistic outsider artist.

Q: What is Jonny Kennedy (rugby union)?
A: Jonny Kennedy (born 16 February 1990) is an English rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership. He was born in Leighton, Cheshire.

Q: What is Hijra?
A: Hijra, as an Arabic word meaning migration (also romanised as hijrah, hejira and hegira) (cf. Hebrew הגירה hagirah for emigration) could mean: *The Hijra (Islam) (هِجْرَةٌ) is the emigration of Muhammad and his followers to the city of Medina in 622, marking the first year of the Islamic calendar, 1 AH (anno higirae).

Q: What is Robert De Niro's Waiting...?
A: "Robert De Niro's Waiting..." is a 1984 song by Bananarama and taken from their second studio self-titled album. It namechecks American Robert De Niro.

Q: What is In da Club?
A: "In da Club" is a 2003 song by American rapper 50 Cent and is the lead single from his debut studio album Get Rich or Die Tryin. It topped the single charts in Australia, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, Switzerland and the United States.

Q: What is Ben Hill?
A: Benjamin Hill (born 5 February 1990) is a cyclist from Australia. Benjamin rode for UCI Continental team.

Q: What is Cadillac Records?
A: Cadillac Records is a 2008 American biographical drama movie. It was written and directed by Darnell Martin.

Q: What is List of arrondissements of France?
A: The following is the current list of arrondissements of France with their INSEE codes, the chief town (or communes. The chief town of an arrondissement is the seat of a prefecture or subprefecture.

Q: What is Joel Pritchard?
A: Joel McFee Pritchard (May 5, 1925 – October 9, 1997) was an American businessman and politician. He served in the U.S.

Q: What is Interstate 110 (Louisiana)?
A: Interstate 110 (I-110) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Q: What is Bodmin Moor?
A: Bodmin Moor is a granite moorland in northeastern Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is in size, and originally dates from the Carboniferous period of geological history.

Q: What is Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – long jump?
A: The long jump event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the final being held on 8 September 1930.

Q: What is Domino Dancing?
A: "Domino Dancing" is a 1988 song by Pet Shop Boys and is the leading single from their third studio album Introspective. It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in the United States, number 1 in Spain and Finland, number 36 in Australia, number 9 in New Zealand and the Netherlands, number 4 in Puerto Rico and Ireland, number 17 in Canada and number 5 in Switzerland and Norway.

Q: What is Musaceae?
A: The Musaceae are a family of flowering plants in the order Zingiberales. The family is native to the tropics of the Old World.

Q: What is 1702?
A: 1702 (MDCCII) was a common year starting on Sunday in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Thursday in the Julian calendar. The Gregorian calendar was 11 days ahead of the Julian calendar as of the start of this year.

Q: What is Piotta?
A: Piotta is a village in the municipality of Quinto in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Piotta has an ice hockey Club, called the HC Ambrì-Piotta, that plays in indoor sporting arena of "Valascia".

Q: What is Yogendra?
A: Manibhai Haribhai Desai (1897–1989), also known as Shri Yogendra, was an Indian yoga teacher, writer, poet, and researcher. He was one of the early figures in the modern development of yoga He is sometimes called the Father of the Modern Yoga Renaissance.

Q: What is Waldemar de Brito?
A: Waldemar de Brito (, 17 May 1913 – 21 February 1979) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Q: What is David Silberman (government administrator)?
A: David M. Silberman is an American government administrator who served as the associate director for Research, Markets, and Regulation at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.

Q: What is Steven Spurrier (wine merchant)?
A: Steven Spurrier (5 October 1941 – 9 March 2021) was a Paris Wine Tasting of 1976. He was also the founder of the Academie du Vin and Christie's Wine Course.

Q: What is Saint-Aubin-de-Branne?
A: Saint-Aubin-de-Branne is a commune. It is found in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Tikhvin?
A: Tikhvin () is a town in Leningrad Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 58,459 people lived there.

Q: What is Buda Castle?
A: Buda Castle (, ) is the historical castle and palace in Budapest, it is a World Heritage Site. and structures in Budapest Heritage Sites in Hungary

Q: What is Coulombiers, Sarthe?
A: Coulombiers is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Hassan al-Maliki?
A: Hassan farhan al-Maliki is a Quranist scholar from Saudi Arabia. In 2017, he was arrested for his anti-government views.

Q: What is Allan Fung?
A: Allan Wai-Ket Fung (born February 25, 1970) is an American attorney and politician. He was the mayor of Cranston, Rhode Island from 2009 to 2021.

Q: What is List of World Heritage Sites in Greece?
A: There are 17 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Greece. Five of the places are on islands.

Q: What is Sheridan, Indiana?
A: Sheridan is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Union Parish, Louisiana?
A: Union Parish (French: Paroisse de l'Union) is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Q: What is United States Minor Outlying Islands?
A: The United States Minor Outlying Islands are nine island territories of the United States. They are Baker Island, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Atoll, Palmyra Atoll, and Wake Island in the Pacific Ocean; and Navassa Island in the Caribbean Sea.

Q: What is Combat of the Thirty?
A: The Combat of the Thirty was fought to grant one side the Duchy of Brittany. It was fought between 30 knights and squires led by Jean de Beaumanoir who had the support of Philip VI of France and 30 more led by Robert Bemborough who had the support of Edward III of England.

Q: What is Yannick Jadot?
A: Yannick Jadot (born 27 July 1967) is a French environmentalist and politician. He has been a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) since the 2009 European election, representing the West France constituency.

Q: What is Hypobromous acid?
A: Hypobromous acid is a chemical compound. It is also an acid.

Q: What is Esther Dang?
A: Esther Dang (born 5 March 1945 in Mbalmayo) is a Cameroonian economist. She was a candidate for the 2011 Cameroonian presidential election.

Q: What is Page-turner?
A: A page-turner is a person whose job is to turn sheet music pages for a solo musician, often a pianist, usually during a performance. While some music is arranged so that the pages end at places where the musician can spare one hand to turn them, this is not always possible.

Q: What is Wetter (Ruhr)?
A: Wetter (Ruhr) is a town in Germany. It is in the district Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, in the Ruhr Area.

Q: What is Easy (Commodores song)?
A: "Easy" is a 1977 song by the Commodores and taken from their fifth studio album Commodores. It went to number 9 in New Zealand and the United Kingdom, number 4 in the United States, number 18 in Ireland, number 12 in Canada and number 75 in Australia.

Q: What is Doro (musician)?
A: Dorothee Pesch (born 3 June 1964), also known as Doro Pesch or Doro, is a German heavy metal singer. She was the leader of the heavy metal band studio albums.

Q: What is Jefferson County, Nebraska?
A: Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Nebraska.

Q: What is Mill Creek (conservation area)?
A: Mill Creek, a wildland in the George Washington and Jefferson National Forests of Western Virginia, United States. The The Wilderness Society (United States) The area, a valley between two mountain ridges with many cliffs, rocky outcrops and an almost impenetrable vegetation, has the sense of being isolated from the civilized world although it is not far from nearby towns.

Q: What is Dachau (disambiguation)?
A: Dachau can mean: *Dachau - a town in Bavaria, Germany *Dachau (district) - a rural district in Bavaria, Germany *Dachau Concentration Camp - a Nazi Concentration Camp, near Dachau

Q: What is Mortadella di Bologna?
A: Mortadella di Bologna is an Italian kind of sausage. It is made of ground pork meat.

Q: What is Gallant Bess?
A: Gallant Bess is a 1946 American World War II drama movie directed by Andrew Marton and starring George Tobias, Marshall Thompson, Clem Bevans, Chill Wills, Eddie Acuff. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Q: What is Ryan Hunter-Reay?
A: Ryan Hunter-Reay (born December 17, 1980) is an American racecar driver from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He races in the IndyCar Series where he won the 2012 IndyCar championship.

Q: What is New Alresford?
A: New Alresford is a market town in the county of Hampshire, England. The town is notable for growing much watercress.

Q: What is Hanna Tetteh?
A: Hanna Serwaa Tetteh (born May 31, 1967) is a lawyer, UN Secretary General’s Special Representative for Libya and the Head of the United Nations Support Mission in Libya (UNSMIL). Earlier in her career, Tetteh was Ghana's Minister for Trade and Industry from 2009 to 2013 She also served as the Member of parliament

Q: What is James Caan?
A: James Langston Edmund Caan (March 26, 1940 &ndash; July 6, 2022) was an American movie, stage and television actor. He was best known for his role of Sonny Corleone in 1972's The Godfather and for his role as Ed Deline on Las Vegas.

Q: What is Brian Krause?
A: Brian Krause (born February 1, 1969) is an American actor. He grew up in El Toro, California.

Q: What is Grudziądz?
A: Grudziądz, historically in English Graudence, is a city in Poland. It was in the Toruń Voivodeship from 1975 to 1998.

Q: What is John A. Rocco?
A: John A. Rocco (June 25, 1936 – April 8, 2020) was an American Republican politician.

Q: What is Mangesh Padgaonkar?
A: Mangesh Keshav Padgaonkar (Devanagari: मंगेश केशव पाडगांवकर; 10 March 1929 &ndash; 30 December 2015) was an Indian poet from Maharashtra, India. He was born on 10 March 1929 in Vengurla, Sindhudurg District in Maharashtra.

Q: What is Mua'ausa Walter?
A: Mua'ausa Joseph Siegfried Walter (born December 15, 1961) is Samoan archer. Walter competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Dorothy Bush Koch?
A: Dorothy Walker Bush Koch, often called "Doro," (born August 18, 1959), is the daughter of the 41st President of the United States George H. W.

Q: What is Scooter?
A: A scooter is a bicycle or tricycle with very small wheels. Some scooters have a motor, some have pedals, and some are pushed with the foot.

Q: What is Etchika Choureau?
A: Etchika Choureau (19 November 1929 – 25 January 2022) was a French actress. She was known for her relationship with Hassan II of Morocco from 1958 until 1961.

Q: What is Sandy Duncan?
A: Sandra Kay "Sandy" Duncan (born February 20, 1946) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She starred in many television programs and movies.

Q: What is Supercomputer?
A: , the world's fastest supercomputer from 1985 to 1989 A supercomputer is a computer with great speed and memory. This kind of computer can do jobs faster than any other computer of its generation.

Q: What is ZingZillas?
A: ZingZillas is a British children's musical television series that originally aired on CBeebies from April 5, 2010 to June 11, 2012.

Q: What is The Force?
A: The Force is a term from the Star Wars universe. It is a set of mystical powers that all the Jedi and Sith have.

Q: What is Ibrox?
A: Ibrox is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Rangers F.C.

Q: What is Marlborough College?
A: Marlborough College is a secondary boarding school in Marlborough, Wiltshire, England. It was started in 1843 for sons of the leaders of the Church of England.

Q: What is Bismarck Archipelago?
A: The Bismarck Archipelago is a group of islands off the northeastern coast of New Guinea in the western Pacific Ocean and part of Papua New Guinea.

Q: What is Umm al-Qura University?
A: Umm Al-Qura University, despite its recent establishment and its current demarcation, remains one of the most distinguished universities by virtue of its location and heritage. Umm Al-Qura University has emerged as an academic institution with a great academic reputation in Sharia sciences, education and Islamic studies, in addition to modern scientific and applied disciplines.

Q: What is Kokushi genzaisha?
A: Kokushi genzaisha (国史見在社) are a type of Shinto shrine. It means a shrine that appears in the Rikkokushi (六国史) but not in the Engishiki The Rikkokushi or the Six Official Histories, includes Nihon shoki, Shoku Nihongi 国史 (Kokushi) means official history, 見在 gensai means appearing and 社 sha means shrine

Q: What is Police dog?
A: in 2007 A police dog (also called a K-9) is a dog trained to help police and other law enforcement people. German Shepherds are the most common breed, but other breeds are also used.

Q: What is Uterine fibroid?
A: A uterine fibroid is a tumor that is not cancer. It is a benign tumor.

Q: What is 2006 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads?
A: Players born on or after 1 January 1987 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 18 July 2006 – the tournament's starting day.

Q: What is Bara 4 (constituency)?
A: Bara 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Bara District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Q: What is Platymantis pygmaeus?
A: The pygmy forest frog (Platymantis pygmaeus) is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island and Sibuyan.

Q: What is Jerrold Meinwald?
A: Jerrold Meinwald (January 16, 1927 – April 23, 2018) was an American chemist. He was known for his work on chemical ecology.

Q: What is Sound Ideas?
A: Sound Ideas is a sound effect company that released several sound libraries worldwide. companies based in Toronto media establishments in Ontario

Q: What is Munirah Warsame Abdiwahid?
A: Munirah Warsame Abdiwahid is a Taekwondo sportswoman. In 2019, she participated in the representing the country of Somalia.

Q: What is Buitrago?
A: Buitrago is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain. in Castile and León in Soria

Q: What is Diabolik Lovers?
A: is a Japanese visual novel franchise by Rejet. Its first entry was released on October 11, 2012 for the PlayStation Portable system.

Q: What is Elections in Argentina?
A: The Elections in the Argentine Republic are held every two years to elect the legislative bodies (which are renewed by halves, in 4-year terms) and, since 1995, every four to elect the executive power (before they were held every six years). The national constitution, in its first article, establishes that the country has a "representative, republican and federal" government system.

Q: What is Norfuk language?
A: The Norfuk language (Norfuk: Norfuk Laenghwij) the language spoken on Norfolk Island . it is a mix of Tahitian and English.

Q: What is Trimley St. Martin?
A: Trimley St. Martin is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England.

Q: What is Reef triggerfish?
A: The reef triggerfish (Rhinecanthus rectangulus) is one of several species of triggerfish. It is also known as the rectangular triggerfish, wedgetail triggerfish, or by its Hawaiian name humuhumunukunukuāpuaa, meaning 'triggerfish with a snout like a pig'.

Q: What is Multiplexer?
A: symbol of a 2-to-1 Multiplexer. It can be equated to a controlled switch.

Q: What is Karen Berg?
A: Karen Berg (born Karen Mulnick; October 12, 1942 &ndash; July 30, 2020) was an American author. She was born in New York City.

Q: What is Muck, Scotland?
A: Muck is an island in Scotland. It is the smallest main island of the Small Isles, which are part of the Inner Hebrides.

Q: What is John Bell Hood?
A: John Bell Hood (1831 – August 30, 1879) was a Confederate army general during the American Civil War. He was born in 1831 in Kentucky.

Q: What is Saint Piran's Flag?
A: The Saint Piran's Cross, also called the Cross of Saint Piran, is a white cross on a black background. After the middle ages, it became associated with Saint Piran.

Q: What is Nicolae Ciucă?
A: Nicolae Ionel Ciucă (; born 7 February 1967) is a Romanian politician and retired general. He is a member of the Romanian Land Forces.

Q: What is State Shinto?
A: State Shinto was a system of government policy in the Japanese Empire where the government controlled the religion of Shinto and enforced it on the population. This included non-Japanese people in their colonies.

Q: What is West Springfield, Massachusetts?
A: West Springfield is a city in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2020 census, 28,835 people lived there.

Q: What is Baku?
A: Baku (Azerbaijani: Bakı), the capital and largest city of Azerbaijan, is situated on the western coast of the Caspian Sea, along the Absheron Peninsula. Known as the "City of Winds," Baku is the cultural, economic, and political hub of Azerbaijan.

Q: What is Vijay (director)?
A: Vijay Reddy (1936 &ndash; 9 October 2020) was an Indian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Tadepalligudem, Andhra Pradesh.

Q: What is Bob Burnquist?
A: Bob Burnquist is a professional skateboarder from Sao Paulo, Brazil. He is in Tony Hawk's Pro Skater video games.

Q: What is Shaun the Sheep?
A: Shaun the Sheep is a British animated comedy television series produced by Aardman Animations. The show is about the adventures of a sheep named Shaun, who lives on a farm with a flock of other sheep.

Q: What is Sion District?
A: Sion is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It contains the following municipalities: * Arbaz * Grimisuat * Salins * Savièse * Sion * Veysonnaz

Q: What is 15?
A: 15 is a year in the 1st century. It was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar.

Q: What is Liu Xiang?
A: Liu Xiang (born July 13, 1983) is a Chinese hurdling athlete. He is 189&nbsp;cm tall and weighs 74&nbsp;kg.

Q: What is Naila?
A: Naila is a town in the Frankenwald hills, in Hof, Bavaria. Naila is from Hof, on both banks of the Selbitz river.

Q: What is Leslie Charleson?
A: Leslie Ann Charleson (February 22, 1945 – January 12, 2025) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Monica Quartermaine on the ABC daytime soap opera General Hospital.

Q: What is Right to housing?
A: The Right to housing is the idea that everyone should have the possibility to live somewhere, to affordable housing and shelter free from homelessness. Many countries recognise it.

Q: What is British Rail Class 185?
A: The Class 185 (branded by its operators as the Pennine Class 185) is a diesel multiple-unit passenger train built by Siemens Transportation Systems in Germany for the British train operating company First TransPennine Express.

Q: What is Remicourt?
A: Remicourt is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège. In 2007, the population of the settlement was 5137 people.

Q: What is Vanilla ice cream?
A: Vanilla is a common flavor in ice cream, especially in North America and other countries. Vanilla ice cream was originally made by cooling a mixture of cream, sugar, and vanilla above a container of ice and salt.

Q: What is TLC (TV network)?
A: TLC is an American cable television channel owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.

Q: What is Mirandinha (footballer, born 1959)?
A: Mirandinha (born July 2, 1959) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for the Brazilian national team.

Q: What is Tivoli, New York?
A: Tivoli is a community in Dutchess County, New York, United States. in New York (state) County, New York

Q: What is Harrow & Wealdstone station?
A: Harrow & Wealdstone station is a station on the Bakerloo line. The Bakerloo line is on London Underground.

Q: What is Simcha Rotem?
A: Simcha Rotem (born Simcha (Szymon) Rathajzer; 24 February 1924 – 22 December 2018) was a Polish-Israeli veteran. He was a member of the Jewish underground in Warsaw.

Q: What is Gimli, Manitoba?
A: Gimli is a town in Canada where people speak Icelandic. It is one of the five settlements who speak Icelandic.

Q: What is Ezio Bosso?
A: Ezio Bosso (; 13 September 1971 &ndash; 15 May 2020) was an Italian composer, classical musician and conductor. He was born in Turin.

Q: What is Valentinian III?
A: Valentinian III (; 2 July 419 – 16 March 455), was Roman emperor in the western Roman Empire from 425 to 455. After Attila the Hun was defeated, Valentinian feared that his general Aetius would overthrow him.

Q: What is Brindle?
A: Brindle is a fur coloring in animals. It mainly appears on dogs, cats, cattle, and sometimes horses.

Q: What is Gang of Four?
A: The Gang of Four () was the name given to a political group of four Chinese Communist Party officials. The leader of the group was Jiang Qing, Mao Zedong's last wife.

Q: What is Winnie the Pooh The Honey Hunt?
A: Winnie the Pooh: The Honey Hunt is a platform video game developed by JungleTac and published by Disney Interactive Studios for the V.Smile. It is based on Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree, with changes made to the storyline.

Q: What is Deborah Sampson?
A: Deborah Sampson was a woman who dressed as a man, so that she could join the American soldiers in the Revolutionary War. The Revolutionary War was a war between Great Britain and the thirteen original colonies.

Q: What is Marco Monteiro?
A: Marco Monteiro is a gymnast from Brazil. Monteiro competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Matti Nykänen?
A: Matti Ensio Nykänen (17 July 1963 in Jyväskylä – 4 February 2019 in Lappeenranta) was a Finnish ski jumper and singer. He won five Olympic medals (four gold), nine World Championships medals (five gold) and 22 Finnish Championships medals (13 gold).

Q: What is Deep sea?
A: The deep sea is where the ocean becomes deeper. It is also the point of transition from continental shelves to slopes.

Q: What is Solar calendar?
A: A solar calendar is a calendar based on the position of the earth in relation to the sun. There are tropical solar calendars.

Q: What is Redemption (theology)?
A: Redemption is a key concept in many religions: Very broadly speaking, it means that there will be an event, that will free a single person, a group of people, or all people from evil. It is commonly used in Judaism, Christianity and Gnosticism.

Q: What is Francis Rooney?
A: Laurence Francis Rooney III (born December 4, 1953) is an American politician. He was a U.S.

Q: What is List of Chicago Blackhawks players?
A: was the captain of the Blackhawks from 2008 until 2023. The Chicago Blackhawks are a professional ice hockey team based in Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is East Dunbartonshire?
A: East Dunbartonshire (; ) is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, UK. The administrative centre is Kirkintilloch.

Q: What is Hotline Miami?
A: Hotline Miami is a violent 2D top-down shooter indie video game developed by Dennaton Games and published by Devolver Digital. The game was inspired by the 2011 film Drive (2011 film)

Q: What is Southwest Division (NBA)?
A: The Southwest Division is one of three divisions in the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association, along with the Pacific Division and the Northwest Division. The five teams in this division are the Dallas Mavericks, Houston Rockets, Memphis Grizzlies, New Orleans Pelicans, and the San Antonio Spurs.

Q: What is List of Ed, Edd n Eddy episodes?
A: Ed, Edd n Eddy is an animated television series broadcast on Cartoon Network, an American cable network. The series started showing on November 12, 1999.

Q: What is Sabrina Carpenter?
A: Sabrina Annlynn Carpenter (born May 11, 1999) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and record producer. She was born and raised in Quakertown, Pennsylvania.

Q: What is Valdeir Vieira?
A: Valdeir Vieira (born 11 July 1944) is a Brazilian football manager. He managed Iran during their successful qualification for the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

Q: What is Renault FT?
A: The Renault FT is a French light tank. It was designed and produced during World War I and was noted for its innovative design and its influence on the development of future tanks.

Q: What is Skylar Grey?
A: Holly Brook Hafermann, (born February 23, 1986), also known by the name Skylar Grey, is an American singer-songwriter. She has been on the songs of several rappers and R&B musicians.

Q: What is Gearbox Software?
A: of Gearbox in Frisco, Texas. Gearbox Software is an American video game development company based in Frisco, Texas.

Q: What is Rise of the Tomb Raider?
A: Rise of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure video game. It was developed by Crystal Dynamics.

Q: What is Cahagnes?
A: Cahagnes is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Slut?
A: and against victim blaming started to organize so-called Slutwalks. This picture was taken on the first one, in Toronto, in 2012.

Q: What is Boniface II, Marquis of Montferrat?
A: Boniface II was the 11th Marquis of Montferrat and King of Thessalonica. He was born in 1202 and died on December 6, 1253.

Q: What is Sumiswald?
A: Sumiswald is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Niagara Movement?
A: The Niagara Movement, was a civil rights group of African-American activists who wanted equal rights for blacks. It was led by W.

Q: What is Mazinghem?
A: Mazinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Texas State University?
A: Texas State University is a public university in San Marcos, Texas, United States. There are about 28,000 students enrolled and it was founded in 1899.

Q: What is Carter Lake, Iowa?
A: Carter Lake is a city in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, United States. It is a suburb of Omaha, Nebraska.

Q: What is Human services?
A: Core responsibilities of human services professionals include assisting individuals, families, and communities in overcoming their problems and helping them improve their quality of life and relationships. disciplines

Q: What is All-Palestine Government?
A: The All-Palestine Government was established on 22 September 1948, during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, to govern the Egyptian-controlled territory in Gaza. establishments in Asia based in Palestine

Q: What is Hollyvilla, Kentucky?
A: Hollyvilla is a city of Kentucky in the United States. Hollyvilla has a population of 518 people, as of 2020.

Q: What is Good 4 U?
A: "Good 4 U" is a song by American singer-songwriter Olivia Rodrigo. It was released on May 14, 2021, through Geffen and Interscope Records, as the third single from Rodrigo's debut studio album, Sour (2021).

Q: What is Characters in the Super Smash Bros. series?
A: The fighting game series Super Smash Bros. from Nintendo was started in 1999.

Q: What is Mundon?
A: Mundon is a village and civil parish in Maldon District, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 356 people living in Mundon.

Q: What is The Tonight Show?
A: The Tonight Show is a popular late night television talk and comedy show in the United States. It appears on the NBC television network.

Q: What is Miracle?
A: A miracle is an amazing, beneficial event that goes (or at least seems to go) against natural laws. Some people say that a miracle is always an act brought about by God or other supernatural force (such as an angel).

Q: What is Buta Singh?
A: Buta Singh (21 March 1934 &ndash; 2 January 2021) was an Indian politician. He was a senior leader of the Indian National Congress.

Q: What is Mariner 4?
A: Mariner 4 was a NASA spacecraft. It was the fourth spacecraft in the Mariner program.

Q: What is Janet McTeer?
A: Janet McTeer, Newcastle. Her parents are Jean (née Morris) and Alan McTeer.

Q: What is Let's Go Brandon?
A: "Let's Go Brandon" is a political slogan and Internet meme used as a substitute for "Fuck Joe Biden". The phrase is used by critics and to make fun of Joe Biden, the 46th president of the United States.

Q: What is Bénifontaine?
A: Bénifontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Santa Maria delle Grazie, Milan?
A: Santa Maria delle Grazie is a Roman Catholic church in Milan. It has been an UNESCO World heritage site since the 1980s.

Q: What is Venison?
A: Venison is the meat of a game animal, normally a elk or deer. Venison may be eaten as steaks, tenderloins, roasts, sausages, jerky and minced meat.

Q: What is Mae West?
A: Mae West (August 17, 1893 – November 22, 1980) was an American actress. She worked in vaudeville and later in movies.

Q: What is Domaaki language?
A: Domaakí - also known as Dumaki or Domaá - is a language spoken in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is the traditional tongue of the Dóoma (sg.

Q: What is Ti lao shu?
A: The ti lao shu were the very first known rockets to ever exist. They were hollowed-out sticks of bamboo with gunpowder jammed inside.

Q: What is Corse-du-Sud's 2nd constituency?
A: Corse-du-Sud's 2nd constituency () is a constituency of France. It is in the department of Corse-du-Sud in southern Corsica.

Q: What is List of Presidents of Eswatini?
A: The Presidents of Eswatini is the main executive and legislative head of the nation of Eswatini. Since the formation of the post of PresidentsMinister of Swaziland in 1967 to the present day, there has been a total of nine people.

Q: What is Franca Capetta?
A: Franca Capetta was an Italian archer. He was born on 8 December 1936 and died on 5 July 2023.

Q: What is Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi?
A: Samira Salih al-Nuaimi (also Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi, Sameera Salih Ali al-Nuaimy, or سميرة صالح النعيمي in Arabic) (1963 – 22 September 2014) was an Iraqi lawyer and human rights activist. She had criticized Islamic State on Twitter because they destroyed mosques, churches, and shrines.

Q: What is David Cassidy?
A: David Bruce Cassidy (April 12, 1950 &ndash; November 21, 2017) was an American singer, actor, songwriter and guitarist. He had many hit songs between the 1970s and the 2000s.

Q: What is Voghera?
A: Voghera is an Italian city in Lombardy. Voghera is in the Province of Pavia.

Q: What is Christian de Chalonge?
A: Christian de Chalonge (21 January 1937 – 6 December 2025) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He directed the movie Saint-Denis, France at the age of 88.

Q: What is Sarah Gorelick?
A: Sarah Ratley (nee Gorelick) (born October 30, 1931) is an American pilot. She was born in Kansas.

Q: What is Gueschart?
A: Gueschart is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Q: What is Hylomantis aspera?
A: The rough leaf frog (Hylomantis aspera) is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, Guyana, Brazil, Venezuela, French Guiana, and Ecuador, and it is most common in Suriname. People have seen it as high as 600 meters above sea level.

Q: What is Division of Spence?
A: The Division of Spence is an electoral district for the Australian House of Representatives in the outer northern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia.

Q: What is St. Osyth?
A: St. Osyth is a village and civil parish in Tendring, Essex, England.

Q: What is List of fentanyl analogues?
A: This is a list of some fentanyl Structural analog The list has [famous] chemical compounds from (drug companies or) pharmaceutical companies for legitimate medical use. The list also has compounds that have been sold as designer drugs and reported to drug control agencies such as the Drug Enforcement Administration

Q: What is Supercell?
A: A supercell is a strong type of thunderstorm with a thick, rotating updraft (a mesocyclone). Supercell thunderstorms are the largest, most dangerous type of thunderstorms.

Q: What is Juliet Bawuah?
A: Juliet Bawuah is a sports journalist from Ghana who has worked with major media outlets. She has interviewed important figures like FIFA President Gianni Infantino and former World Player of the Year and ex-President of Liberia, George Weah.

Q: What is Ansan?
A: Ansan is a city in Gyeonggi Province, in South Korea. It is south-west of Seoul.

Q: What is Sävsjö BK?
A: Sävsjö BK was a bandy club in Sävsjö in Sweden. It was established in 1971.

Q: What is Red-tailed hawk?
A: The red-tailed hawk (Buteo jamaicensis) is a buzzard. Sometimes it is called a chickenhawk, though it does not normally eat chickens.

Q: What is Marilyn Lloyd?
A: Rachel Marilyn Lloyd (née Laird; January 3, 1929 &ndash; September 19, 2018) was an American businesswoman and politician. She served for ten terms as member of the United States House of Representatives serving from 1975 to 1995.

Q: What is Akseli Gallen-Kallela?
A: Akseli Gallen-Kallela (26 April 1865 &ndash; 7 March 1931) was an artist from Finland. He started his career with realistic pictures of poor people from the countryside, and continued with romantic paintings of the themes of the Kalevala, the Finnish national pioneered major changes in Finnish art.

Q: What is Uncertainty principle?
A: The Uncertainty principle is also called the Heisenberg's uncertainty principle. Werner Heisenberg stumbled on a secret of the universe: Nothing has a definite position, a definite trajectory, or a definite momentum.

Q: What is Final Fantasy IX?
A: Final Fantasy IX is a role-playing video game for the Playstation. It was released in 2000 by Square Enix.

Q: What is Baincthun?
A: Baincthun is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is University of Michigan College of Engineering?
A: The University of Michigan College of Engineering is the engineering section of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. With 6,351 undergraduate and 3,331 graduate school

Q: What is Atmospheric circulation?
A: . Atmospheric circulation is a large-scale movement of masses of air.

Q: What is Joseph Duncan (politician)?
A: Joseph Duncan (February 22, 1794January 15, 1844) was an American politician. He was the sixth Governor of Illinois from 1834 to 1838.

Q: What is La Chapelle-Gaugain?
A: La Chapelle-Gaugain is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Quadrangular space?
A: The quadrangular space is an area in the arm. It is between the following: *above: subscapularis in front, teres minor behind *teres major *long head of triceps *surgical neck of humerus The axillary nerve and posterior humeral circumflex artery are in the space.

Q: What is Mike Rann?
A: Michael David Rann (born 5 January 1953) was the 44th Premier of South Australia. He was premier from 5 March 2002 until 21 October 2011.

Q: What is Unclaimed person?
A: An unclaimed person is someone who is dead and none of their family members have seen the dead body or if the dead person have no family members who are alive. In most states, almost 40,000 unclaimed bodies have been found and put in a morgue.

Q: What is Fabián Alarcón?
A: Fabián Ernesto Alarcón Rivera (born April 14, 1947) was President of Ecuador from 6 February 1997 to 9 February 1997 and from February 11, 1997 to August 10, 1998. Alarcón was born in Quito.

Q: What is Marisol Escobar?
A: Marisol Escobar (May 22, 1930 – April 30, 2016), otherwise known simply as Marisol, was a French-born sculptor of Venezuelan heritage. She worked in New York City.

Q: What is Marina Bay Street Circuit?
A: The Marina Bay Street Circuit (otherwise known as the Singapore Street Circuit) is a street circuit around the Marina Bay, Singapore The circuit is designed by KBR Inc. It was a modification of the original design first proposed by Hermann Tilke.

Q: What is Father of a Soldier?
A: Father of a Soldier () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Rezo Chkheidze. It stars Sergo Zaqariadze, Vladimir Privaltsev, and Aleksandr Nazarov.

Q: What is Mozambique (movie)?
A: Mozambique is a 1965 British South African Portuguese drama movie directed by Robert Lynn and starring Steve Cochran, Hildegard Knef, Gert Van den Bergh, Paul Hubschmid, Vivi Bach.

Q: What is Garrick Utley?
A: Clifton Garrick Utley (November 19, 1939 &ndash; February 20, 2014), better known as Garrick Utley, was an American television journalist. He reported about the Vietnam War and was one of the first full-time television correspondent covering the war from Vietnam.

Q: What is Dreamcast?
A: The is the fourth and last home video game console made by Sega. It was sold before the PlayStation 2, GameCube, or Xbox (console)

Q: What is Philippine Airlines?
A: Philippine Airlines is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Philippines. It began in February 1941.

Q: What is Transformer?
A: A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from one electrical circuit to another, without sharing any wires. This happens because the first circuit creates a magnetic field as its power rises and falls.

Q: What is Billy Wilder?
A: (left), c. 1950 Billy Wilder (born Samuel Wilder, June 22, 1906 – March 27, 2002) was an Austrian-American filmmaker, artist and journalist.

Q: What is Generative artificial intelligence?
A: Generative artificial intelligence or generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence that is designed to create new things. This can include writing words, creating pictures, videos, and music.

Q: What is Peg Entwistle?
A: Peg Entwistle (February 5, 1908 – September 16, 1932) was a Welsh-born English stage actress. She acted in only one movie.

Q: What is Saint-Doulchard?
A: Saint-Doulchard is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It is on the outskirts of Bourges.

Q: What is John Quarmby?
A: John Quarmby (18 June 1929 – 5 April 2019) was an English character actor. He was best known for his roles as Mr Carnegie in the Fawlty Towers episode "Basil the Rat" (1979), and as Henry Tobias in K-9 and Company (1981).

Q: What is Father Christmas?
A: Father Christmas is the British name for Santa Claus. The name was used in songs, such as "I Believe in Father Christmas" by Emerson, Lake & Palmer.

Q: What is Brent Hinds?
A: William Brent Hinds (January 16, 1974 – August 20, 2025) was an American heavy metal singer and musician. He was best known as the former lead guitarist of the heavy metal band Mastodon.

Q: What is Gross margin?
A: Gross margin is the difference between revenue and cost of goods sold. In other words, it's a measure of how much profit a company makes from each sale.

Q: What is Tang Enbo?
A: Tang Enbo (1898-1959) was a Nationalist general in the Republic of China. Along with Hu Zongnan and Xue Yue, Tang was one of the Kuomintang generals most respected by the Japanese during the Second Sino-Japanese War.

Q: What is Brighton Sharbino?
A: Brighton Sharbino (born August 19, 2002) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Lizzie Samuels on the AMC television series The Walking Dead (TV series)

Q: What is Leveling effect?
A: , the leveling effect is the effect of a solvent (especially amphoteric solvents like water) on acids and bases that are dissolved in it. A solution of an acid can't be stronger than the conjugate acid of the solvent, and a solution of a base can't be stronger than the conjugate base of the solvent.

Q: What is FIFA?
A: Road to World Cup 98: FIFA: Road to World Cup 98 is a 1997 association football simulation video game in Electronic Arts' FIFA series created by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for the Playstation, Sega Saturn, Mega Drive, Super Nintendo, Nintendo 64, Game Boy and Microsoft Windows.

Q: What is Wacker Drive?
A: Wacker Drive is a major street in Chicago, Illinois, United States, running along the south side of the main branch and the east side of the south branch of the Chicago River. The street is a multilevel street.

Q: What is Astrometry?
A: Astrometry is a part of astronomy that has to do with measuring the motion of objects in space such as stars. Two main ways to measure these objects are proper motion and parallax.

Q: What is Bullfinch?
A: Bullfinches are a genus of passerine birds in the finch family (Fringillidae). They belong to the genus Pyrrhula.

Q: What is Roy Cooper?
A: Roy Asberry Cooper III ( ; born June 13, 1957) is an American attorney and politician. He was the 75th governor of North Carolina from 2017 to 2025.

Q: What is McLean County?
A: McLean County is the name of three counties in the United States: * McLean County, Illinois * McLean County, Kentucky * McLean County, North Dakota

Q: What is Body thetan?
A: In Scientology, body thetans are immortal spirits of aliens killed by Xenu which put themselves inside the bodies of humans and cause them bad emotions and mental illness. Scientologists believe that people who finish training in the last levels of Scientology can use telepathy to help other people get rid of their body thetans and become happy.

Q: What is Arancón?
A: Arancón is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain. in Castile and León in Soria

Q: What is Katanning?
A: Katanning is a town in Western Australia. It is in the Great Southern region.

Q: What is Sainte-Lunaise?
A: Sainte-Lunaise is a former commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France.

Q: What is Newton (unit)?
A: The newton (symbol: N) is the SI unit of force. It is named after Sir Isaac Newton because of his work on classical mechanics.

Q: What is Stelios Serafidis?
A: Stelios Serafidis (; 6 August 1935 – 4 January 2022) was a Greek international footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for AEK Athens from 1953 until 1972.

Q: What is Antonym?
A: An antonym is a word that has the opposite meaning of another word. The first known use of the word antonym was in 1857.

Q: What is Acqui Terme?
A: Acqui Terme is an Italian city in Piedmont. About 20,000 people live there.

Q: What is Colorado River?
A: from Desert View , a basement metamorphic rock from 1.75 billion years ago The Colorado River is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico. It is approximately 1,450&nbsp;miles (2,330&nbsp;km) long.

Q: What is Oinam Swamikumar?
A: Oinam Swamikumar () is a Manipuri singer from the Indian state of Manipur. He is known for his work in Manipuri music and as a playback singer.

Q: What is Burg Fürsteneck?
A: Burg Fürsteneck is a castle in the middle of Germany between the towns of Fulda and Bad Hersfeld. It belongs to the commune of Eiterfeld.

Q: What is No Time (Mondo Rock song)?
A: "No Time" is a 1982 song by Australian pop rock band Mondo Rock and is the leading single from their third studio album Nuovo Mondo. It went to number 11 in Australia.

Q: What is Mark Esper?
A: Mark Thomas Esper (born April 26, 1964) is an American lobbyist and former government administrator for the United States Department of Defense. Esper was the 27th United States Secretary of Defense from July 2019 until November 2019.

Q: What is Gross income?
A: Gross income in United States income tax law is money or anything of value gained from all sources. Gross income is the amount of income before any tax deductions or wikt:allowance

Q: What is Young–Laplace equation?
A: In physics, the Young–Laplace equation () is a nonlinear partial differential equation that describes the capillary pressure difference across the interface between two static fluids, such as water and air. This difference is due to the phenomenon of surface tension or wall tension.

Q: What is Tierpark Hagenbeck?
A: Tierpark Hagenbeck (translated as "Animal park of Hagenbeck") is the name of the largest zoo in Hamburg, Germany. The park was founded by Carl Hagenbeck in 1907.

Q: What is Jean-Léon Gérôme?
A: Jean-Léon Gérôme (11 May 1824 – 10 January 1904) was a French painter and sculptor. Today he is mostly known for painting people in historical settings.

Q: What is Saint-Georges-en-Auge?
A: Saint-Georges-en-Auge is a former commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Anupama Parameswaran?
A: Anupama Parameswaran is an Indian actress and model who appears in South Indian films. She predominantly works in Telugu, Malayalam and Tamil language films.

Q: What is Peugeot 407?
A: The Peugeot 407 is a mid-size car produced by the French automaker Peugeot between 2004 and 2011. Designed to succeed the Peugeot 406, the 407 was a part of Peugeot's strategy to compete in the D-segment, with rivals such as the Ford Mondeo, Volkswagen Passat, and Renault Laguna.

Q: What is Vancouver International Airport?
A: Vancouver International Airport is a public-use airport on Sea Island in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada. It is about 12&nbsp;km (7.5&nbsp;mi) from Downtown Vancouver.

Q: What is Spanish Golden Age?
A: "El Siglo de Oro," literally "the century of gold," was the Golden Age of Spain. It was a period of flowering in Spanish art and literature.

Q: What is Servants in Heaven, Kings in Hell?
A: Servants in Heaven, Kings in Hell is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks. It was released on September 19, 2006.

Q: What is Alto's Adventure?
A: Alto's Adventure is a 2015 snowboarding platformer video game. It was made in 2015 for iOS devices.

Q: What is Life After Death?
A: Life After Death is the second and last studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G.. It was released on March 25, 1997.

Q: What is List of lakes of Australia?
A: There are not many natural freshwater lakes in Australia. This is because there was not a lot of glacial or tectonic activity in Australia.

Q: What is Patrick Leahy?
A: Patrick Joseph "Pat" Leahy, OBE (born March 31, 1940) is an American politician and part-time actor. He became a United States Senator from Vermont in 1975.

Q: What is Nancy Chodorow?
A: Nancy Julia Chodorow (January 20, 1944 – October 14, 2025) was an American sociologist and academic. She taught at Wellesley College in 1973, then moved to the University of California, Santa Cruz, where she taught from 1974 until 1986.

Q: What is Alex Smith?
A: Alexander Douglas "Alex" Smith (born May 7, 1984) is a former professional American football quarterback who played in the National Football League (NFL) for 16 seasons. He played college football for University of Utah.

Q: What is Virgin Media?
A: Virgin Media Inc. (formerly known as ntl:Telewest, after a merger of NTL Incorporated with Telewest Global, Inc.), became in 2006 the first "quadruple-play" media company in the United Kingdom, bringing together a service consisting of television, Internet, mobile phone and fixed-line telephone services.

Q: What is Major League Baseball All-Star Game?
A: In Major League Baseball, the All-Star Game is the game between the best players from the American League (AL) and the National League (NL). The game is held in July of each season.

Q: What is Jenő Konrád?
A: Jenö Konrad (13 August 1894 – 15 July 1978) was a Hungarian footballer and manager. In the 1910s he played on the Hungarian National team with his brother, Kalman Konrad.

Q: What is Jaume Bertran?
A: Jaume Bertran is a cartographer author of three maps The first chart was signed in Barcelona in 1456 and are conserved at the Greenwich Maritime Museum. The other two were signed in Mallorca in 1482 and in 1489, and are conserved at State Archives of Florence, and at Marucelliana Library in Florence It follows the style of Mallorcan cartography, and the language of the maps is Catalan.

Q: What is Providence Bruins?
A: The Providence Bruins are an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1992. They currently play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the Boston Bruins of the NHL.

Q: What is Kindia Region?
A: Kindia is a region in the west of Guinea. It is bordered by the country of Sierra Leone and the Guinean regions of Conakry, Labé, Mamou, and Boké.

Q: What is 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup?
A: 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup was the 8th FIFA Confederations Cup tournament. It took place in South Africa from 14 June to 28 June.

Q: What is Aluminium alloy?
A: , made in the 1990s.|284x284px Aluminium alloys are alloys in which aluminium is the main metal used. It is usually alloyed with elements like copper, magnesium, manganese, silicon, tin and zinc.

Q: What is Geneviève Laloz?
A: Geneviève Maria Laloz with marriage name Jacques (15 October 1898 - 2 June 1986) was a French football player and track and field athlete during the 1920s, the early era of women's athletics. She was specialized in the hurdles and sprint events.

Q: What is Firozpur district?
A: Ferozepur () founded by Firuz Shah Tughluq is a district in the Indian state of Punjab. The district is the oldest British district of Punjab.

Q: What is Arsenio Lope Huerta?
A: Arsenio Lope Huerta (15 November 1943 &ndash; 2 January 2021) was a Spanish lawyer, politician, writer and economist. He was born in Alcalá de Henares, Spain.

Q: What is Pacific Islands Rugby Alliance?
A: The Pacific Islands Rugby Alliance (PIRA) started in 2002 as a co-operation between the Fiji, Samoa and Tonga Rugby Unions. Niue and the Cook Islands also became members of the Alliance and sent players to the Pacific Islanders team.

Q: What is Oria, Apulia?
A: Oria is a town and comune in the Province of Brindisi in the Italian region of Apulia. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oria.

Q: What is Barry Tuckwell?
A: Barry Emmanuel Tuckwell (5 March 1931 – 16 January 2020) was an Australian horn player. He spent most of his professional life in the United Kingdom and the United States.

Q: What is Baked beans?
A: Baked beans is a dish made of beans, sometimes baked but, despite the name, usually stewed, in a sauce. Most commercially canned baked beans are made from haricot beans, also known as navy beans (a variety of Phaseolus vulgaris) in a sauce.

Q: What is Merry Go 'Round (Kacey Musgraves song)?
A: "Merry Go 'Round" is the debut single by American country music artist Kacey Musgraves. It was released in September 2012 as the lead single from her debut album Same Trailer Different Park.

Q: What is Southern Bantoid languages?
A: The Southern Bantoid languages are a group of African languages of the Niger-Congo language family. This group was first described by Kay Williamson in 1989.

Q: What is François Arago?
A: François Jean Dominique Arago (Catalan: Francesc Joan Dominic Aragó; February 26, 1786 – October 2, 1853) was a French mathematician, physicist, astronomer and politician. births deaths astronomers

Q: What is Sissieretta Jones?
A: Sissieretta Jones was an American singer. She was born in either on the 5th of January 1868 or the 5th of January 1869 and died on the 24th of June 1933.

Q: What is Father of the House?
A: Father of the House is a title that has been traditionally given unofficially to certain members of some legislatures, most notably the United Kingdom House of Commons In some legislatures the title is given to the longest continuously serving member, while in others it is given to the oldest member. Recently, the title Mother of the House or Mother of Parliament has also been used.

Q: What is Gene Tierney?
A: Gene Eliza Tierney (November 19, 1920 – November 6, 1991) was an American actress. She was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

Q: What is Lauingen?
A: Lauingen () is a town in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the left bank of the Danube, 5&nbsp;km west of Dillingen, and 37&nbsp;km northeast of Ulm.

Q: What is Francisco Martínez Soria?
A: Francisco Martínez Soria (December 18, 1902 – February 26, 1982) better known as Paco Martínez Soria was a Spanish actor. He was born in Tarazona, Zaragoza, Aragon.

Q: What is Pingualuit crater?
A: The Pingualuit crater (; from Inuit "pimple"), is a relatively young impact crater. It is on the Ungava Peninsula in the region of Nord-du-Québec, in Quebec, Canada.

Q: What is Judy Sheindlin?
A: Judith Susan Sheindlin (née Blum; October 21, 1942), better known as Judge Judy, is an American lawyer, judge, television personality and writer. From 1996-2021, Sheindlin has had her own successful Daytime Emmy Award winning reality courtroom series named after her, Judge Judy.

Q: What is Controlled Substances Act?
A: The Controlled Substances Act (CSA) is a United States federal law. It controls what drugs American people and companies can have, make, import, and use.

Q: What is Mitochondrial DNA?
A: Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA or mDNA) is the DNA in mitochondria. It is inherited only from mothers, though there are a few rare exceptions.

Q: What is Jarbas Passarinho?
A: Jarbas Gonçalves Passarinho (January 11, 1920 – June 5, 2016) was a Brazilian military officer and politician. Passarinho began his political career when he was appointed Governor of Pará.

Q: What is Międzyrzec Podlaski?
A: Międzyrzec Podlaski is a city in the east of Poland, in Lublin Voivodeship, in Biała Podlaska County. It is on the Krzna rivers.

Q: What is Howard Mudd?
A: Howard Edward Mudd (February 10, 1942 – August 12, 2020) was an American football offensive lineman and coach. He was born in Midland, Michigan.

Q: What is Drowned World/Substitute for Love?
A: "Drowned World/Substitute for Love" is a 1998 song by Madonna and is the third single from her 7th studio album Ray of Light. It topped the single charts in Spain and went to the top 50 in Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Scotland, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Pygmy peoples?
A: Pygmy is a word that describes several ethnic groups with unusually short people. According to anthropologists, pygmies can be any group where adult men and female The word "pygmy" is sometimes thought to be pejorative (an insult) .

Q: What is Man in a Shell?
A: Man in a Shell () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Nikolay Khmelyov, Mikhail Zharov, and Olga Androvskaya.

Q: What is Abdullah Gül?
A: Abdullah Gül (born 29 October 1950) is a Turkish politician. He was the President of Turkey, He served from 2007 to 2014.

Q: What is Area code 901?
A: Area code 901 is an area code of Tennessee. It was created as one of the original area codes in 1947.

Q: What is Lautaro?
A: Lautaro was a Mapuche military leader and relevant actor in the tacticswar. His tactics are today studied in many war academies in the world.

Q: What is Marry Me (Jason Derulo song)?
A: "Marry Me" is a 2013 song by American singer Jason Derulo and is taken from his albums Tattoos and Talk Dirty. It went to number 5 in Belgium, number 8 in Australia, number 14 in New Zealand, number 23 in Japan, number 26 in the United States and number 27 in Austria.

Q: What is Oceania Football Confederation?
A: The Oceania Football Confederation, often referred to as just OFC , is the organization that controls Oceania football (soccer). New Zealand is the OFC's biggest federation.

Q: What is Kinder Scout?
A: Kinder Scout is a plateau in Derbyshire, England. It is about 600 metres above sea level.

Q: What is Enterprise, Nevada?
A: Enterprise is an unincorporated town in the Las Vegas Valley in Clark County, Nevada, United States. 221,831 people lived here at the 2020 United States census

Q: What is Yadgir district?
A: Yadgir District is one of the 30 districts of Karnataka state in southern India. The district was formed in 2010 when it was separated from the larger Gulbarga (Kalaburagi) District.

Q: What is Bruno Martini?
A: Bruno Martini (25 January 1962 – 20 October 2020) was a French footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played for Auxerre between 1981 and 1995.

Q: What is Linus Sebastian?
A: Linus Gabriel Sebastian is a founder, editor-in-chief and Chief Vision Officer of Linus Media Group (LMG). He sometimes hosts YouTube channels Linus Tech Tips, TechLinked, Short Circuit, and others run by LMG.

Q: What is Klaus Bednarz?
A: Klaus Bednarz (6 June 1942 &ndash; 14 April 2015) was a German journalist and writer. He had been working in television since 1967.

Q: What is HCA Healthcare?
A: HCA Healthcare is an American healthcare business started in 1968. It is based in Nashville, Tennessee.

Q: What is Thelyphonida?
A: Thelyphonida is an order of arachnids commonly known as vinegarroons. They give out a vinegar-like mist (containing mostly acetic acid).

Q: What is Figueirense FC?
A: Figueirense Futebol Clube, also known as Figueirense, is a Brazilian football team in Florianópolis, Santa Catarina.

Q: What is The Doom Generation?
A: The Doom Generation is a 1995 comedy-thriller movie. It is about teenagers becoming involved in a ménage à trois.

Q: What is Matt Carle?
A: Matthew Carle (born September 25, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman. He currently plays for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Area codes 812 and 930?
A: Area codes 812 and 930 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) serving the state of Indiana in the United States. They cover the southern and south-central parts of the state, including cities such as Bloomington, Evansville, and Terre Haute.

Q: What is Treaty of Paris (1303)?
A: The Treaty of Paris was signed on May 20, 1303, between England and France. In the Treaty of Paris (1259), Gascony was given to England, as a fief.

Q: What is Early to Bed (1941 movie)?
A: Early to Bed is a 1941 Donald Duck animated short film. It was released on July 11, 1941, by RKO Radio Pictures.

Q: What is E number?
A: An E number is a number code which is used for a food additive. E numbers are usually found on food labels in the European Union.

Q: What is Tofu?
A: s. Tofu (豆腐), sometimes called doufu (usually used in Chinese recipes) or bean curd (literal translation), is a food made from soybeans.

Q: What is Qabala District?
A: Qabala is a raion of Azerbaijan. Its capital is the historic town of Qəbələ.

Q: What is Chaudefontaine, Doubs?
A: Chaudefontaine is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Q: What is Robert Montgomery?
A: Robert Montgomery (May 21, 1904 – September 27, 1981) was an American actor and director. He was born in Beacon, New York.

Q: What is Edward James Corbett?
A: Jim Corbett (25 July 1875 – 19 April 1955) was a British hunter, author and naturalist. He is famous for his hunting exploits in British India, which he recorded in his books.

Q: What is Zuma Beach?
A: Zuma Beach is a 1978 American television comedy movie directed by Lee H. Katzin and starring Suzanne Somers, Steven Keats, Mark Wheeler, Kimberly Beck, Perry Lang, Michael Biehn, Rosanna Arquette, Tayna Roberts, Gary Imhoff, Timothy Hutton.

Q: What is Social interaction?
A: A social interaction or social relation is the way people talk and act with each other. It may include interactions in a team, family or bureaucracy.

Q: What is Lorenzo Quinteros?
A: Lorenzo Quinteros (14 June 1945 – 23 April 2019) was an Argentine actor. His first movie roles was in Alianza para el progreso (1971).

Q: What is Wireless access point?
A: In computer networks, a wireless access point is a device that allows people to connect Wi-Fi devices such as laptop computers on a wireless LAN, to a wired network. The access point is often connected to a wireless Router.

Q: What is Appetizer?
A: An appetizer or hors d'oeuvre is a small dish of an overall meal. It can also be a drink or multiple drinks containing alcohol.

Q: What is Timms Hill?
A: Timms Hill is the highest natural point in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.

Q: What is Maltby Academy?
A: Maltby Academy is a secondary school for students aged 11 to 19. It is in Maltby, a town in South Yorkshire, England.

Q: What is Schirrhein?
A: Schirrhein is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Q: What is Paulina Vega?
A: Paulina Vega Dieppa (; born January 15, 1993) is a Colombian model, businesswoman and beauty pageant winner. She won Miss Universe 2014.

Q: What is Le Mesnil-Benoist?
A: Le Mesnil-Benoist is a former commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Manitoba Highway 2?
A: Manitoba Highway 2 is a provincial highway in Manitoba, Canada. It is long.

Q: What is Period 2 element?
A: A period 2 element is an element in the second period (row) of the periodic table. Period 2 has eight elements: lithium, beryllium, boron, carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, fluorine and neon.

Q: What is Ferry County, Washington?
A: Ferry County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington.

Q: What is Forcé?
A: Forcé is a commune of 1017 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Graham Fellows?
A: Graham David Fellows (born 22 May 1959 in Sheffield, Yorkshire) is an English comedy actor and musician, best known for creating the comedic character John Shuttleworth and one-hit wonder Jilted John. births people comedians voice actors from Manchester

Q: What is Dommartin-aux-Bois?
A: Dommartin-aux-Bois is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Q: What is Lauren Etame Mayer?
A: Lauren Etame Mayer (born 19 January 1977) is a retired Cameroonian football player. He has played for Cameroon national team.

Q: What is Airbus A340?
A: {| |} The Airbus A340 is a long-range four-engined widebody commercial passenger airplane manufactured by Airbus S.A.S. a subsidiary of EADS.

Q: What is Pollen?
A: tree. The scales of the cone support microsporangia, which produce a large number of pollen grains Pollen is a powder made of pollen grains.

Q: What is Delavan, Minnesota?
A: Delavan is a city in the state of Minnesota in the United States. The city is in Faribault County.

Q: What is J. G. Quintel?
A: James Garland "J. G." Quintel (born September 13, 1982) is an American animator, television writer, and voice actor.

Q: What is Statutory Sick Pay?
A: Statutory Sick Pay (SSP) is a Social Security benefit in the United Kingdom. It was started in 1983.

Q: What is The Invisible Man (2020 movie)?
A: The Invisible Man is an American-Australian 2020 science fiction horror movie written and directed by Leigh Whannell. It is about a woman who believes she is being stalked by her abusive and rich boyfriend even after his suicide.

Q: What is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad?
A: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, also written Ahmadinezhad (; born October 28, 1956) is an Iranian politician who was the sixth President of the Islamic Republic of Iran. He was president from August 3, 2005 to August 3, 2013.

Q: What is Willi Holdorf?
A: Willi Holdorf (17 February 1940 — 5 July 2020) was a West German athlete. In 1964, he won the first 1964 Summer Olympics Holdorf died on 5 July 2020 at his home in Achterwehr, Germany from an illness, aged 80.

Q: What is The Happy Lovers?
A: The Happy Lovers is an oil painting on canvas by the French painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard. It was painted sometime between 1760-1765.

Q: What is Beach Break (2021)?
A: Beach Break (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It took place on February 3, 2021 at the Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida.

Q: What is Keith A A Fox?
A: Keith A A Fox, MBBS, FRCP, is the BHF Duke of Edinburgh Professor of Cardiology at the BHF Centre of Research Excellence, University of Edinburgh. He a founding fellow of the European Society of Cardiology.

Q: What is QuickTime VR?
A: QuickTime VR (also known as QTVR) is an image file format developed by Apple Inc. for QuickTime.

Q: What is Formula One Grand Prix?
A: cars wind through the infield section of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway during the 2003 United States Grand Prix A Formula One Grand Prix is an automobile event using open wheel cars. The Grand Prix takes place over an entire weekend.

Q: What is Hollandaise sauce?
A: and potatoes Hollandaise sauce is an emulsion of egg yolk and butter. Lemon juice, salt, and a little white pepper or cayenne pepper are often added as seasoning.

Q: What is Mass Effect 3?
A: Mass Effect 3 is a video game on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It is made by Electronic Arts.

Q: What is Punta Gorda?
A: Punta Gorda may be: *Punta Gorda, Belize *Punta Gorda, Florida *Punta Gorda Light, Humboldt County, California, USA *Punta Gorda, Montevideo, in Uruguay. * Punta Gorda, Nicaragua, the place where Hurricane Felix made landfall as a category 5 hurricane in 2007.

Q: What is Marthe Pungs?
A: Marthe Pungs (fl. 1910 - 1913) was a Belgian foil fencer.

Q: What is Daria?
A: Daria is an American animated comedy-drama television series. It is a spin-off of Beavis and Butt-Head.

Q: What is Gac?
A: Gấc [IPA ɣək̚˧˦] (Momordica cochinchinensis) is a type of perennial melon that grows in Southeast Asia and Australia. It has a bright orange or red color.

Q: What is Sunnyland Slim?
A: Albert "Sunnyland Slim" Luandrew (September 5, 1907 – March 17, 1995) was an American blues pianist from the Mississippi delta. He later went to Chicago where he became one of the most important piano players in Chicago's blues scene.

Q: What is Hydrilla?
A: Hydrilla is a genus of aquatic plant. It contains only one species Hydrilla verticillata.

Q: What is Pharmacy?
A: A pharmacy is a shop where therapeutic drugs are sold. Sometimes a pharmacy is also called a drug store or chemist and druggist store.

Q: What is Shaun Donovan?
A: Shaun Lawrence Sarda Donovan (born January 24, 1966) is an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 2009 to 2014 and Director of the Office of Management and Budget from 2014 to 2017.

Q: What is Ondangwa Rural?
A: Ondangwa Rural is an Constituencies of Namibia In 2013, Ondangwa Rural was created by splitting the former constituency of Ondangwa into a rural and an Ondangwa Urban

Q: What is Ginga?
A: Nagareboshi Gin: Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin is a manga and anime series that ran from 1983 to 1986. It was created by manga author Yoshihiro Takahashi.

Q: What is Bailout?
A: A bailout is when financial help is given to a corporation or country which is close to failure or bankruptcy.

Q: What is Laʻauli Leuatea Schmidt?
A: Susuga Laʻaulialemalietoa Leuatea Polataivao Fosi Schmidt (born 14 April 1966) is a Samoan politician and businessman. He was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa

Q: What is Salt evaporation pond?
A: A Salt evaporation pond (or saltern pond) is a man-made shallow pond. Usually it is located near the sea.

Q: What is Leif Mills?
A: Leif Anthony Mills (25 March 1936 &ndash; 17 December 2020) was a British trade unionist and politician. He was General-Secretary of the Banking, Insurance and Finance Union from 1972 to 1996.

Q: What is Governor of Bagmati Province?
A: The governor of Bagmati is the head of the province executive of Bagmati Province. The governor is appointed by the President of Nepal as recommended by the federal cabinet for a term of five years.

Q: What is Woodcreek, Texas?
A: Woodcreek is a city in Hays County, Texas, United States. in Hays County, Texas establishments in Texas

Q: What is Mailing list?
A: Some people or organizations have many addresses of different people. They use these addresses to send the mail.

Q: What is John Webster (British theologian)?
A: John Bainbridge Webster DD FRSE (20 June 1955 &ndash; 25 May 2016) was a British theologian of the Anglican Communion. He was born in Mansfield, England.

Q: What is List of United States senators from Connecticut?
A: This is a list of the United States senators from Connecticut. United States senators are elected for a six-year term.

Q: What is Pasanda?
A: Pasanda () is a popular Shahi Moghlai meat dish in the Indian subcontinent. It is especially famous in North India, Rampur, Hyderabad and Pakistan.

Q: What is Federal Ministry of Health (Germany)?
A: The Federal Ministry of Health (BMG) is a Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. The ministry's headquarters are still in Bonn and the second office is in Berlin.

Q: What is Mayumi Moriyama?
A: was a Japanese politician. She was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party.

Q: What is Łask?
A: Łask (; ) is a town in central Poland. 17,604 people have lived here as of 2016.

Q: What is Kitty Hawk, North Carolina?
A: Kitty Hawk is a town in northeastern North Carolina. It is on the Outer Banks.

Q: What is Quinoa?
A: Quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa; ( or , from Quechua ' or ') is a species of goosefoot (Chenopodium). It is a grain-like crop grown primarily for its edible seeds.

Q: What is Lisbon?
A: Lisbon () is the capital (city) Lisbon is placed on the right bank (western) of the Tagus River, near the outfall. It has a pleasant climate and has about 220 days of sunshine each year.

Q: What is Eyewitness (1981 movie)?
A: Eyewitness (released in the UK as The Janitor) is a 1981 American mystery thriller movie directed by Peter Yates and starring William Hurt, Sigourney Weaver, Christopher Plummer, James Woods, Kenneth McMillian, Pamela Reed, Morgan Freeman. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Mary Catherine Bateson?
A: Mary Catherine Bateson (December 8, 1939&nbsp;– January 2, 2021) was an American writer and cultural anthropologist. Bateson published many monographs.

Q: What is Wales Coast Path?
A: marking the southern end of the Wales Coast Path, with the path's "dragon shell" logo The Wales Coast Path () is a long-distance footpath which follows the whole coastline of Wales. It opened on 5 May 2012.

Q: What is All Japan Student Go Federation?
A: All Japan Student Go Federation (全日本学生囲碁連盟) is a Japanese student Go organization for holding university Go championships. They have branches in each regions (Kanto, Kansai, Kyushu, Tohoku etc.).

Q: What is Pisa?
A: with the leaning tower Pisa is a city and a comune in Tuscany, Italy. About 90,000 people live in the city.

Q: What is Forró?
A: Forró is a village in Encs District in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County, Hungary. In 2024, 2,702 people lived there.

Q: What is Angie Cepeda?
A: Angélica María Cepeda Jiménez (born 2 August 1974), professionally known as Angie Cepeda, is a Colombian actress. She is probably best known for her roles in telenovela Pobre Diabla and in the movies Captain Pantoja and the Special Services and Love in the Time of Cholera.

Q: What is Boris Lisunov?
A: Boris Pavlovich Lisunov (; 19 August 1898 – 3 November 1946) was a Soviet aircraft designer and founder of Lisunov.

Q: What is Edwin Hubble?
A: in the optical spectrum of a supercluster of distant galaxies (right), as compared to absorption lines in the optical spectrum of the Sun (left). Arrows indicate redshift.

Q: What is Ekerö Municipality?
A: Ekerö Municipality () is a municipality in Stockholm County in central Sweden. The seat is in Ekerö.

Q: What is Lobo (web series)?
A: Lobo is an American adult web cartoon featuring Lobo. Like the comics, it is filled with strong language, sexual content and graphic violence.

Q: What is 385 BC?
A: __NOTOC__ Year 385 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Tribunate of Capitolinus, Cornelius, Capitolinus, Papirius, Capitolinus and Fidenas

Q: What is Dryden Township, Michigan?
A: Dryden Township is a civil township in Lapeer County in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Q: What is Lolita (1997 movie)?
A: Lolita is a 1997 French-American drama movie. It is set in the late 1940s and early 1950s in the United States.

Q: What is Molecular gastronomy?
A: Molecular gastronomy is a type of science that studies the chemical reactions in food during cooking.

Q: What is Sergio Fajardo?
A: Sergio Fajardo Valderrama (; born 19 June 1956) is a Colombian politician and mathematician. Fajardo was the Governor of Antioquia from 2012 to 2016.

Q: What is Goodpasture syndrome?
A: Goodpasture syndrome (GPS), also known as anti-glomerular basement membrane disease, is a rare autoimmune disease in which antibodies attack the basement membrane in lungs and kidneys. This causes bleeding from the lungs and kidney failure.

Q: What is Joseph Heller?
A: Joseph Heller (May 1, 1923 - December 12, 1999) was an American novelist and playwright. He was born in Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York City.

Q: What is London Regional Select Committee?
A: The London Regional Select Committee was one of nine regional select committees of the Prime Minister in June 2007. The committee was created on 1 January 2009.

Q: What is Fontenay-le-Marmion?
A: Fontenay-le-Marmion is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Nobunari Oda?
A: is a Japanese athlete. He is best known as a figure skater from Japan.

Q: What is Seal of the president of the United States?
A: The seal of the president of the United States is used to mark correspondence from the president of the United States to the U.S. Congress.

Q: What is Nirbhaya "Fearless"?
A: “Nirbhaya” (In Hindi, it means "the fearless one") was a 22-year-old physiotherapy student. On media had given her.

Q: What is He Said She Said (Chvrches song)?
A: "He Said She Said" is a 2021 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the first single from their third studio album Screen Violence which was released in 2021.

Q: What is Adventure game?
A: An adventure game is a genre of video game or computer game. Gameplay in adventure games is mostly exploration, solving puzzles and finishing stories.

Q: What is Prime Minister of Malta?
A: The Prime Minister of Malta () is the Head of Government, which is the highest official of Malta. The office of "Head of Ministry" was created as soon as Malta was granted autonomous government in 1921.

Q: What is Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives?
A: Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives is a former commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is John Schofield?
A: John Schofield was a Union general in the American Civil War. He was born in 1831 in Ohio.

Q: What is Nick Herbert?
A: Nicholas Le Quesne Herbert (born 7 April 1963) is an English politician and the Member of Parliament for the Arundel and South Downs constituency. He was the current Shadow Justice Secretary, and is currently Minister of State for Police/Justice, with his time split between the Home Office and the Ministry of Justice.

Q: What is The Journey of Natty Gann?
A: The Journey of Natty Gann is a 1985 American family adventure movie directed by Jeremy Paul Kagan and starring Meredith Salenger, John Cusack, Ray Wise, Lainie Kazan, Scatman Crothers, Barry Miller, Garry Chalk, Bruce Boa. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

Q: What is Penns Grove, New Jersey?
A: Penns Grove is a borough in Salem County, New Jersey According to the United States Census Bureau, the borough had a total area of 0.89 square miles (2.31&nbsp;km2), all land.

Q: What is Aishah Akorede?
A: Aishah Putok De-AnglitAkorede (born 17 October 1999) is an Irish model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Ireland 2023. She will represent Ireland at Miss Universe 2023 in San Salvador, El Salvador.

Q: What is Emmanuele Kanyama?
A: Emmanuele Kanyama (25 December 1962 – 17 February 2018) was a Malawian Roman Catholic bishop. Kanyama was ordained to the priesthood in 1990.

Q: What is David Morse?
A: David Bowditch Morse (born October 11, 1953) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor. He is known for playing Brutus "Brutal" Howell in the 1999 movie The Green Mile.

Q: What is NGC 1407?
A: NGC 1407 is an elliptical galaxy in the Eridanus constellation. It is about 76 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Q: What is UK City of Culture?
A: UK City of Culture is a national award given every four years to a city in the United Kingdom. It recognises outstanding celebrations of culture.

Q: What is Leaning Tower of Pisa?
A: The Leaning Tower of Pisa is a building in Pisa, Italy. It is a bell tower.

Q: What is Champaign County, Ohio?
A: Champaign County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio.

Q: What is The Conners?
A: The Conners is an American television sitcom. The show is a spin-off of the American television sitcom Roseanne.

Q: What is Zootaxa?
A: Zootaxa is a scientific journal that publishes papers of zoology. It is edited by Magnolia Press (Auckland, New Zealand).

Q: What is River Dee, Aberdeenshire?
A: The River Dee () is a river in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It rises in the Cairngorms and flows through Strathdee to reach the North Sea at Aberdeen.

Q: What is Tim Sweeney?
A: Tim Sweeney (1929 &ndash; 1 January 2018) was an Irish sportsman. He played hurling with his local club Foneagh.

Q: What is Palace of Ardashir?
A: The Palace of Ardashir Pāpakan (in Qasr-eh Ardashir-eh Pāpakān), also known as the Atash-kadeh آتشکده, is a castle located on the slopes of the mountain on which Dezh Dokhtar is situated. Built in AD 224 by King Ardashir I of the Sassanian Empire, it is located two kilometers (1.2&nbsp;miles) north of the ancient city of Gor, i.e.

Q: What is Municipalities of the Philippines?
A: In the Philippines, a municipality (; ; ) is a kind of place with local government ("local government unit") that are different from cities. Municipalities are also called towns if using the old-fashioned but more common word.

Q: What is 92 (number)?
A: Ninety-two is a number. It comes between ninety-one and ninety-three, and is an even number.

Q: What is Kitee Zoo?
A: Kitee Zoo is the fourth largest zoo in Finland. It is in Kitee, Finland.

Q: What is Franck Balandier?
A: Franck Balandier (11 July 1952 – 17 December 2020) was a French writer. He was a member of the Société des gens de lettres.

Q: What is Charles Koechlin?
A: Charles Koechlin (born Paris, November 27, 1867; died Le Canadel, December 31, 1950) was a French composer, teacher and writer on music. He wrote a very large amount of music, but very little of it was published because he was more interested in helping younger composers than making himself well-known.

Q: What is Little Jeannie?
A: "Little Jeannie" is a 1980 song by Elton John and is taken from his 14th studio album 21 at 33. It went to number 1 in Canada, number 3 in the United States, number 4 in Switzerland, number 5 in New Zealand, number 8 in South Africa, number 9 in Australia and number 33 in the United States.

Q: What is Polydipsia?
A: Polydipsia is excessive thirst or excess drinking. The word derives from the Greek πολυδίψιος (poludípsios) "very thirsty", which is gotten from πολύς (polús, "much, many") + δίψα (dípsa, "thirst").

Q: What is My Prerogative?
A: "My Prerogative" is a song first released in 1988 in the United States and then recorded again in 2004. The earlier version was by Bobby Brown.

Q: What is Joan Mondale?
A: Joan Adams Mondale (née Adams; August 8, 1930 – February 3, 2014) was the Second Lady of the United States from 1977 to 1981 as the wife of the 42nd Vice President of the United States, Walter Mondale.

Q: What is Under Siege?
A: Under Siege is a 1992 American military action thriller movie. It stars Tommy Lee Jones and Steven Seagal, the latter of whom stars as a Navy SEAL.

Q: What is Sake Dean Mohammed?
A: Sake Dean Mahomed (; 1759 – 24 February 1851) was an Indian traveler, surgeon and entrepreneur. He introduced South Asian cuisine (and Indian) and shampoo (massage) At the age of 11, Mahomed joined the East India Company Army and rose to the rank of captain.

Q: What is Want One?
A: Want One is an album by Canadian-American singer and songwriter Rufus Wainwright. It was released in 2003.

Q: What is Anarcho-capitalism?
A: , [https://mises.org/library/betrayal-american-right-0 The Betrayal of the American Right] (2007): 188 Anarcho-capitalism is a political philosophy that says that governments are not needed but that private property rights are needed.

Q: What is Coureur de bois?
A: A coureur des bois (, runner of the woods) was a French Canadian man who engaged in the fur trade. They trapped and traded the hides of many animals, especially beaver.

Q: What is Shore Leave (1962 movie)?
A: Shore Leave () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Feliks Mironer. It stars Ariadna Shengelaya, Lev Prygunov, and Vasili Makarov.

Q: What is Murder of Noor Suzaily Mukhtar?
A: On 7 October 2000, 34-year-old Hanafi Mat Hassan, a bus driver with a criminal past, raped and murdered 24-year-old computer engineer Noor Suzaily Mukhtar near Bukit Tinggi, Klang in Selangor, Malaysia. Her body was found at a construction site, and an autopsy revealed she had been raped, sodomized, and strangled.

Q: What is Milarepa?
A: Milarepa (c. 1052—1135) is the most famous yogi, poet and Buddhist saint of Tibet.

Q: What is Whoopee cushion?
A: A whoopee cushion, also known as a fart cushion, oopsie cushion or whoopsie cushion, is a practical joke device, used in a form of flatulence humour. It produces a noise resembling someone farting.

Q: What is Super Bowl LVIII?
A: Super Bowl LVIII was an American football game that was played to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2023 season. In a rematch of Super Bowl LIV, from 4 years earlier, the American Football Conference (AFC) champion and defending Super Bowl champion overtime, the first being Super Bowl LI, seven years earlier.

Q: What is David Malet Armstrong?
A: David Malet Armstrong (8 July 1926 – 13 May 2014), often D. M.

Q: What is Virtual Extensible LAN?
A: Virtual eXtensive LAN (VXLAN) is a technology that uses a technique which encloses OSI layer 2 Ethernet frames within layer 4 UDP datagrams.

Q: What is Lisunov Li-2?
A: Lisunov Li-2 (Russian: Лисунов Ли-2) was a Soviet transport aircraft developed by Lisonov. & Russian aircraft

Q: What is Arrondissement of Le Vigan?
A: The arrondissement of Le Vigan is an arrondissement of France, in the Gard department, Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Le Vigan.

Q: What is Battle Ground, Washington?
A: Battle Ground is a city in Clark County, Washington, United States. It was platted in 1902.

Q: What is Wulingyuan?
A: Wulingyuan ) is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in south-central China's Hunan Province. The site is between and .

Q: What is Kathrine Switzer?
A: Kathrine Virginia "Kathy" Switzer (born January 5, 1947, in Amberg, Germany) is an American marathon runner. In 1967, she was the first woman to run in the Boston Marathon as runner #261.

Q: What is Child labour in India?
A: in India and rest of the world, during 2003 in 10-14 age group, per World Bank. India with estimated 11%, is in green with 10-20% incidence levels, along with countries in red (30-40%) and black (>40%).

Q: What is Soumitra Chatterjee?
A: Soumitra Chatterjee (19 January 1935 &ndash; 15 November 2020) was an Indian actor, playwright, theatre director, painter and poet. He was born in Kolkata, West Bengal.

Q: What is Walter Sutton?
A: Walter Stanborough Sutton (5 April 1877 – 10 November 1916) was an American biologist and surgeon. Sutton was born in Utica, New York and raised in Russell, Kansas.

Q: What is Garage punk (fusion genre)?
A: Garage punk is a rock music genre. It combines the sounds of garage rock, punk rock, and other forms, that started in the indie rock underground between the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Q: What is Lefty Grove?
A: Robert Moses "Lefty" Grove (March 6, 1900 – May 22, 1975) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. births deaths Red Sox players

Q: What is Haʻapai 13?
A: Haʻapai 13 is a constituency of Tonga. It is in the island group of Haʻapai.

Q: What is Tate Donovan?
A: Tate Buckley Donovan (born September 25, 1963) is an American actor and director. He is known for playing Tom Shayes in Damages, Jimmy Cooper in The O.C., and the voice of Hercules in the Disney animated movie Hercules, the animated television series of the same name and in a few Kingdom Hearts video games.

Q: What is Munich Agreement?
A: The Munich Agreement, was an agreement between France, Italy, Germany and Britain. Germany threatened an invasion of the Sudetenland in Czechoslovakia.

Q: What is Norderstedt?
A: Norderstedt is the largest city in the Segeberg district. It is the fourth-largest city in Schleswig-Holstein.

Q: What is Spillover of the Russian invasion of Ukraine?
A: Since 24 February 2022, the Russian invasion of Ukraine has reportedly spilled over into several countries that border Ukraine. Among these are Russia, Transnistria, and Poland.

Q: What is 1826–1837 cholera pandemic?
A: The second cholera pandemic is also known as the Asiatic cholera pandemic. It was a cholera pandemic that spread from India to the entire West Asia, then to the United Kingdom and the Americas, and then to China and Japan.

Q: What is Rafael Cruz?
A: Rafael Bienvenido Cruz y Díaz (born March 22, 1939) is a Cuban-American Christian preacher, public speaker, and father of Texas U.S. Senator and 2016 presidential candidate Ted Cruz.

Q: What is Prattville, Alabama?
A: Prattville is a city in Autauga and Elmore counties in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Q: What is Paramyxovirus?
A: Paramyxoviruses (from Greek para-, beyond, -myxo-, mucus or slime, plus virus, from Latin poison, slime) are viruses of the Paramyxoviridae family of the Mononegavirales order; they are negative-sense single-stranded RNA viruses responsible for a number of human and animal diseases.

Q: What is Jorge Aguado?
A: Jorge Rubén Aguado (6 November 1925 &ndash; 12 July 2019) was an Argentine politician. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Q: What is David Trezeguet?
A: David Sergio Trezeguet (; ; born 15 October 1977) is a French-Argentine former professional footballer who played as a striker.

Q: What is Père Goriot?
A: Le Père Goriot (, "Old Goriot" or "Father Goriot") is an 1835 novel by French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac (1799–1850). It is in the Scènes de la vie privée section of his novel sequence La Comédie humaine.

Q: What is Demmin (district)?
A: Demmin () is a former district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. The district was made in 1994 by joining the old districts of Demmin, Altentreptow and Malchin.

Q: What is Absh Khatun?
A: Absh Khatun was a Queen of Persia from 1263 to 1287. Her mother was Bibi Khatun.

Q: What is Will McBride (photographer)?
A: Will McBride (January 10, 1931 – January 29, 2015) was an American photographer in reportage, art photography and book illustration, as well as, a painter and sculpture McBride died in his home in Berlin at the age of 84.

Q: What is 4D?
A: moving along the 4D axis rotating on the 4D axis. 4D, meaning the common 4 dimensions, is a theoretical concept in mathematics.

Q: What is Shelley Moore Capito?
A: Shelley Moore Capito (born November 26, 1953) is an American politician. On January 3, 2015, she became the U.S.

Q: What is Paddington (movie)?
A: Paddington is a 1995 comedy-drama movie based on Michael Bond's Paddington's book series. It is about a young bear from Peru who travels to London to look for a home.

Q: What is Ibn ul-Arabi?
A: Hazrat Sheikh Mohye-ed-din Ibn ul-Arabī (Arabic: ابن عربي) (July 28, 1165 – November 10, 1240) was an Arab Andalusian Sufi mystic, poet and philosopher. He is renowned in the Muslim world as Sheikh ul Akbar (The Greatest Sheikh), for his famous explanation of the concept of Tawhid (Oneness of God) through the concept or perception of the idea of Wahdat ul Wajood (Oneness of Being).

Q: What is List of stars in Piscis Austrinus?
A: This is the list of notable stars in the constellation Piscis Austrinus, all the stars are sorted by decreasing brightness. { !Name !B !F !Var !HD !HIP !RA !Dec !vis.mag.

Q: What is Ethel Caterham?
A: Ethel May Caterham (née Collins; born 21 August 1909) is a British supercentenarian who is the oldest verified living person since 30 April 2025. She is also the List of British supercentenarians

Q: What is Robert H. Goddard?
A: Robert Hutchings Goddard (1882-1945) was an American scientist who designed, built and fired rockets. In 1918 he invented the bazooka for the United States Army.

Q: What is Big Tom?
A: Tom McBride (18 September 1936&nbsp;– 17 April 2018), known as Big Tom, was an Irish country, traditional, easy listening singer, guitarist, and saxophone player. He was born in Castleblayney, Monaghan, Ireland.

Q: What is Allowance?
A: An allowance is usually an amount of money that a parent gives to their child. Possible reasons why allowance is given: *The parent might have extra money so they share or give it to their child.

Q: What is Planetary habitability?
A: known to support life. Planetary habitability is the measure of a planet's or a natural satellite's potential to develop and maintain environments that are :wikt:hospitable

Q: What is Bayonvillers?
A: Bayonvillers is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Q: What is Kia K9?
A: The Kia K9 (called Kia K900 in the United States and Canada, and Kia Quoris in other countries) is a full-size Kia. It is the first rear-wheel drive sedan that Kia sold in the United States.

Q: What is Rocket (Def Leppard song)?
A: "Rocket" is a 1989 song by English heavy metal band Def Leppard and is the seventh single from their fourth studio album Hysteria. It went to number 15 in the United Kingdom and Australia, number 12 in the United States, number 14 in Canada and number 5 in New Zealand and Ireland.

Q: What is 1932 Summer Olympics?
A: became notable when he won an equestrian gold medal at the 1932 games The 1932 Summer Olympics, officially known as Games of the X Olympiad, were held in Los Angeles, United States. U.S.

Q: What is Louis VI of France?
A: Louis VI (16 April 1080 — 1 August 1137), nicknamed the Fat (French: le Gros), or the Fighter (French: le Batailleur) was the King of France from 1108 until his death in 1137. He was the second child and the only son of King Philip I of France and his first wife, Bertha of Holland.

Q: What is Rubicon?
A: The Rubicon is a river that flows into the Adriatic Sea south of Ravenna, Italy. In the time of Julius Caesar, a river with this name was the border between the Roman province Gallia Cisalpina, and Italy, which was not a province at the time.

Q: What is Port Talbot?
A: Port Talbot is a town and community in the principal area of Neath Port Talbot, Wales. It is located 7 miles (11 km) to the east of Swansea across the Swansea Bay.

Q: What is Feminism?
A: Feminism is a social, political, and economic movement. It is about changing the way that people see male and female rights and campaigning for equal rights.

Q: What is Monango, North Dakota?
A: Monango is a city in Dickey County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Teamwork?
A: Teamwork is when many people work together. They work together to reach a goal.

Q: What is The Buffalo Club (album)?
A: The Buffalo Club is the only studio album by The Buffalo Club. The album was released on March 25, 1997.

Q: What is Ciprian Marica?
A: Ciprian Marica (born 2 October 1985) is a Romanian football player. He plays for Stuttgart and Romania's national team.

Q: What is Pulitzer Prize?
A: The Pulitzer Prize is an American prize given to journalism and literature. The prize is considered a very high prize.

Q: What is Fritz Herkenrath?
A: Fritz Herkenrath (9 September 1928 – 18 April 2016) was a German football player. He played for West Germany national team.

Q: What is James Wilson?
A: James Wilson (September 14, 1742 – August 21, 1798) was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. A signer of the Declaration of Independence, Wilson was elected two times to the Continental Congress and was a major force in drafting the United States Constitution.

Q: What is Saturday Night Speedway?
A: Saturday Night Speedway is a racing simulator video game developed by Ratbag Games and published by Atari Inc.. Saturday Night Speedway allows you to race in Pro Stock, Midget and Late Model cars.

Q: What is Prismacolor?
A: Prismacolor is a brand of professional artists' supplies. They were first made in 1938 by the Eagle Pencil Company.

Q: What is Neko Atsume?
A: Neko Atsume: Kitty Collector is a cat collecting game for iOS and Android made by Hit-Point Co.,Ltd. It was released on October 20, 2014 and has been downloaded more than 19 million times.

Q: What is A Guide for the Married Man?
A: A Guide for the Married Man is a 1967 American comedy movie. It was directed by Gene Kelly.

Q: What is Aquitani?
A: as the Aquitani and other pre-Indo-European tribes are in black The Aquitani were ancient people that lived in the region between the Pyrenees, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Garonne, in modern-day Aquitaine, France.

Q: What is Sigmatropic reaction?
A: A sigmatropic reaction in organic chemistry is a pericyclic reaction. A sigmatropic reaction does not use a catalyst and involves a single molecule (an uncatalyzed intramolecular process).

Q: What is Ali Abunimah?
A: Ali Hassan Abu Nima is a Palestinian American journalist. He was one of the founders of the news website the Arab American Action Network, He is a fellow of The Palestine Center.

Q: What is National Journal?
A: National Journal is a political magazine based in Washington, D.C. It stopped being a weekly magazine in December 2015 after 46 years of publication.

Q: What is FIFA Football 2002?
A: FIFA Football 2002 is a 2001 association football simulation video game in Electronic Arts' FIFA series created by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for the Playstation, Playstation 2, GameCube and Microsoft Windows.

Q: What is Sam Liccardo?
A: Samuel Theodore Liccardo (born April 16, 1970) is an American lawyer and politician whho became the U.S. representative from California's 16th congressional district.

Q: What is 2017–18 Austrian Cup?
A: The 2017–18 Austrian Cup was the 84th edition of the national cup in Austrian Red Bull Salzburg were the defending champions.

Q: What is ColecoVision?
A: The ColecoVision was a second generation home video game console known mostly for its expansion packs including the Expansion Module #1 which gave it the largest library of games for its time by having compatibility with Atari 2600 games. The system competed with other game systems popular at the time such as Atari 2600 and the Intellivision.

Q: What is Elinor Donahue?
A: Mary Eleanor Donahue (born April 19, 1937), best known as Elinor Donahue, is an American actress. She was known for her role in the 1950s sitcom, Father Knows Best.

Q: What is Coop (Switzerland)?
A: Coop is a Swiss cooperative which operates the second largest supermarket chain in Switzerland after Migros.

Q: What is Mosseruds GF?
A: Mosseruds GF is a sports club in the town of Karlstad in Sweden. It was established on 8 September 1938.

Q: What is World Series of Poker?
A: The World Series of Poker (WSOP) is a series of poker tournaments. The tournaments are held each year in Las Vegas, Since 2004, the tournaments have been sponsored by Caesars Entertainment.

Q: What is Tin pest?
A: s of tin: the metallic β-tin is on the left, and the semimetallic α-tin is on the right. The transformation from β to α causes tin pest.

Q: What is Joseph Wambaugh?
A: Joseph Aloysius Wambaugh Jr. (January 22, 1937 &ndash; February 28, 2025) was an American writer.

Q: What is Vieques, Puerto Rico?
A: Vieques (English pronunciation: vee-AY-kayz or -kez), in full Isla de Vieques, is an island-municipality of Puerto Rico in the northeastern Caribbean. Like mainland Puerto Rico the island is United States territory, though it retains strong Spanish influences from 400 years of Spanish ownership.

Q: What is Arabesque?
A: , Damascus miniature, early 16th century Arabesque is an artistic decoration. It uses "surface decorations based on...

Q: What is Baven?
A: Baven is a village in the municipality of Südheide in the north of Celle in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is on the western edge of the Südheide Nature Park, on the Lüneburg Heath.

Q: What is Felicity Montagu?
A: Felicity Jane Montagu (born 12 September 1960) is an English actress. She is best known for playing Lynn Benfield, the long-suffering assistant of Alan Partridge and Margo Martins in Beyond Paradise.

Q: What is Napoleonic era?
A: The Napoléonic era was a time in the history of France and Europe. This era existed during the fourth and final stage of the French Revolution.

Q: What is Sylvia Ratonel?
A: Sylvia Anne Ratonel, born June 14, 1988, is a Singaporean singer and spokesmodel. She is best known as the runner-up of the third season of Singapore Idol.

Q: What is Nick Carter?
A: Nickolas Gene Carter (born January 28, 1980) is an American actor, musician, and pop singer. He is a member of the music group the Backstreet Boys.

Q: What is Little Big Girl?
A: "Little Big Girl" is the 12th episode of the 18th season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on the Fox network on February 11, 2007.

Q: What is DWWW?
A: DWWW (774 AM) is a C-QUAM AM radio station owned and operated by Interactive Broadcast Media in the Philippines. The station is also an affiliate station of the Radio Mindanao Network.

Q: What is Southern Peninsula (Iceland)?
A: of the Southern Peninsula The Southern Peninsula () is a region in the southwest of the Iceland. The region is located on the Reykjanes Peninsula ().

Q: What is Chillán?
A: Chillán is a city and commune of the central south of Chile. It has a population of 161.953 people (2002 census).

Q: What is Steak tartare?
A: Steak tartare is a dish which is produced using finely chopped or ground meat of beef or horse. In Belgium and Luxembourg the dish is called filet américain.

Q: What is Jacques Beurlet?
A: Jacques Beurlet (21 December 1944 – 26 September 2020) was a Belgian footballer. He was born in Marche-en-Famenne, Belgium.

Q: What is My Kind of Country (American TV series)?
A: My Kind of Country is an American country music competition television series that has international competitors. It is created by Reese Witherspoon and Kacey Musgraves.

Q: What is Daymond Langkow?
A: Daymond Randolph Langkow (born September 27, 1976) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He played parts of 16 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Jan Reijnen?
A: Johannes Andreas Maria "Jan" Reijnen (3 February 1927 – 7 April 2020) was a Dutch politician of the Catholic People's Party and its successor the Christian Democratic Appeal. He served as a Senator from 1972 to 1977.

Q: What is Rosalie?
A: Rosalie is a 1937 American musical movie. It was directed by W.S.

Q: What is Coba?
A: Coba () is a big ruined city of the Pre-Columbian Maya civilization. It is in the state of Quintana Roo, Mexico.

Q: What is William Gilbert?
A: William Gilbert also known as Gilberd (24 May 1544? – 30 November 1603) was an English physicist, physician and natural philosopher. He was considered as the father of electrical engineering, electricity and magnetism.

Q: What is Gholam Hossein Mazloumi?
A: Gholam Hossein Mazloumi (13 January 1950 – 19 November 2014) was an Iranian football player, coach and football administrator. He was born in Abadan, Iran.

Q: What is Ripening?
A: Ripening is when fruit becomes easier to eat. Some fruits, like the tomato or the mango, will continue to ripen after they have been picked.

Q: What is Jan Kowalczyk?
A: Jan Kowalczyk (18 December 1941 – 24 February 2020) was a Polish show jumping competitor. At the 1980 Summer Olympics, he won an individual gold and a team silver medal.

Q: What is Richard Synge?
A: Richard Laurence Millington Synge (1914-1994) was an English biochemist. He won the 1952 Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Archer Martin.

Q: What is Ross Bridge?
A: Ross Bridge is an historic bridge in the town of Ross in central Tasmania, Australia, completed in July 1836. It crosses the Macquarie River, Tasmania The sandstone bridge was built by convicts.

Q: What is Jerry Douglas (actor)?
A: Jerry Douglas (November 12, 1932 – November 9, 2021) was an American actor. He was known for playing the role of John Abbott for 25 years on the daytime television serial The Young and the Restless.

Q: What is Anne-Marie Pålsson?
A: Anne-Marie Pålsson (born 23 April 1951) is a Swedish politician and economist. She was a member of the Swedish parliament for the Moderate Party between 2002 and 2010.

Q: What is 2003 Atlantic hurricane season?
A: The 2003 Atlantic hurricane season began on June 1, 2003 and ended November 30, 2003. However, Tropical Storm Ana formed on April 20, long before the official start of the season.

Q: What is Y tu mamá también?
A: Y tu mamá también (Spanish for And Your Mother Too) is a 2001 award-winning Mexican road movie. It was directed by Alfonso Cuarón and written by him and his brother Carlos Cuarón.

Q: What is Mario Vargas Llosa?
A: Jorge Mario Pedro Vargas Llosa, 1st Marquess of Vargas Llosa (March 28, 1936 &ndash; April 13, 2025), was a Peruvian writer, politician, journalist and essayist. Winner of the Nobel prize for literature, he was one of the most renown writers of modern times.

Q: What is Katy Perry videography?
A: at the premiere of Katy Perry: Part of Me in June 2012 This is the videography of American singer Katy Perry.

Q: What is Grandmaster (1972 movie)?
A: Grandmaster () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Mikaelyan. It stars Andrey Myagkov, Viktor Korchnoi, and Larisa Malevannaya.

Q: What is Belle Haven, Virginia?
A: Belle Haven can be any of the following places in the United States: *Belle Haven, Accomack County, Virginia *Belle Haven, Fairfax County, Virginia

Q: What is Penn & Teller?
A: Penn & Teller, Penn Jillette and Teller, are American magicians, entertainers, and scientific skeptics who have performed together since the late 1970s. They are noted for their ongoing act that combines elements of comedy with magic.

Q: What is La Bouillie?
A: La Bouillie is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Q: What is Wang Su-bok?
A: Wang Su-bok (, ; 5 March 1917 – 1 June 2003) was a singer from North Korea, who was the most popular singer in Japanese-occupied Korea in 1935. She was credited as a ground-breaking female artist, whose work led the way for modern K-pop.

Q: What is Silly Putty?
A: Silly Putty (originally called nutty putty) is a silicone plastic "clay", sold as a toy for children by Binney & Smith Inc.. It was created as a scientific accident when scientists in the United States were trying to find a substitute for rubber during World War II.

Q: What is National Democratic Alliance?
A: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) is an Indian political alliance. It is made up of center-right and right-wing political parties and led by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).

Q: What is Ramin Djawadi?
A: Ramin Djawadi (born July 19, 1974) is a German-Iranian composer of orchestral music for movies and television. He was born in Duisburg, Germany to an Iranian father and German mother.

Q: What is University of Silesia in Katowice?
A: The University of Silesia in Katowice () is an autonomous state-run university in Katowice, Silesia Province, Poland. The university offers higher education and research facilities.

Q: What is Florida State Road 540?
A: State Road 540 is an east-west road in Central Florida, serving Polk County. It runs from US 27 to the south side of the city of Lakeland.

Q: What is Scunthorpe?
A: Scunthorpe is a town near the M180 motorway and the M181 motorway in Lincolnshire, England. The ending of the name in thorpe meaning new village in Norse, show it was a Viking settlement.

Q: What is Occluded front?
A: An occluded front is a weather pattern. It brings cold weather and leaves cold weather.

Q: What is Bushehr?
A: Bushehr () is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Bushehr Province.

Q: What is De Marne?
A: De Marne is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Het Hogeland.

Q: What is Talduwe Somarama?
A: Talduwe Ratugama Rallage Weris Singho, better known as Talduwe Somarama (1915–1962), shot and killed Solomon Bandaranaike, the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka (then called Ceylon) in 1959. He later converted to Christianity, just weeks before being hanged in the Welikada gallows.

Q: What is 2024 Bangladeshi general election?
A: General elections was held on 7 January 2024 in Bangladesh. The election process was overseen by the 2024 Bangladesh Election Commission, the official body that's entrusted with the responsibility of making sure that the elections are conducted in a manner that is both free and fair.

Q: What is Kay A. Orr?
A: Kay A. Orr (born January 2, 1939) was an American politician.

Q: What is David Hewlett?
A: David Ian Hewlett (18 April 1968) He is an English-Canadian actor, writer and director. He is best known for his role as Dr.

Q: What is Katja Poulsen?
A: Katja Poulsen is an archer from Denmark. She was born on 10 December 1976.

Q: What is Nina Wiener?
A: Nina Wiener Avidar (born 1933) is an Egyptian-born Israeli activist. She was born in Alexandria, Egypt.

Q: What is Ray Hnatyshyn?
A: Ramon John Hnatyshyn ( Roman Hnatyshyn) QC(Can) QC(Sask) FRHSC(hon) (March 16, 1934 – December 18, 2002), known as Ray Hnatyshyn, was a Canadian politician who was the 24th Governor General of Canada. Before this, he was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada for over 14 years.

Q: What is Jack Watson (presidential adviser)?
A: Jack Hearn Watson Jr. (born October 24, 1938) is an American political strategist and political aide.

Q: What is Last.fm?
A: Last.fm is a music website from the UK. It started in 2002.

Q: What is Teillé, Loire-Atlantique?
A: Teillé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Q: What is Ockelbo?
A: Ockelbo is an urban area in the county of Gävleborg in Sweden. It is the seat of Ockelbo Municipality.

Q: What is Les Achards?
A: Les Achards is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Q: What is Astro's Playroom?
A: Astro's Playroom is a 2020 platform game developed by Japan Studio's Team Asobi division and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 5. The game was created to demonstrate the features of the DualSense Wireless Controller and new PS5.

Q: What is Villeneuve-Saint-Georges?
A: Villeneuve-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Q: What is Ingrid?
A: Ingrid [ ing-grid ] is a name for girls or women. The name comes from Ingfriar in Old Norse.

Q: What is Empire Records?
A: Empire Records is a 1995 teen romantic comedy movie. The subject is a record store in Delaware that tries to remain independent.

Q: What is Five Below?
A: Five Below is an American chain of specialty discount stores. Its products price most of its products at $5 or less, plus a smaller assortment of products priced up to $25 dinosaurs.

Q: What is Lacey, Washington?
A: Lacey is a city in Thurston County, Washington, United States. It was incorporated on December 5, 1966.

Q: What is Black softshell turtle?
A: The black soft-shell turtle or Bostami turtle (Nilssonia nigricans) is a species of freshwater turtle found in India (Assam) and Bangladesh (Chittagong and Sylhet District

Q: What is Bertrand of Orléans-Braganza?
A: Bertrand, Head of the Imperial House of Brazil (born 2 February 1941, Mandelieu, France) is the head of the Vassouras branch of the House of Orléans-Braganza. He is the claimant to the Brazilian throne as Bertrand I.

Q: What is Château de Chaumont?
A: The Château de Chaumont (or Château de Chaumont-sur-Loire) is a castle in Chaumont-sur-Loire, Loir-et-Cher, France. The castle was wikt:found

Q: What is Charadrahyla tecuani?
A: Charadrahyla tecuani is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place in the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains.

Q: What is Freiberg, Saxony?
A: Freiberg (i.e. free mountain) is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, capital of the Freiberg Rural District.

Q: What is D. C. Fontana?
A: Dorothy Catherine Fontana (March 25, 1939&nbsp;– December 2, 2019) was an American television script writer and story editor. She worked on the original Star Trek franchise and several Western television series.

Q: What is Manfred Stolpe?
A: Manfred Stolpe (16 May 1936 &ndash; 29 December 2019) was a German politician. He was Federal Minister of Transport, Building and Housing of the Federal Republic of Germany from 2002 until 2005.

Q: What is Saint-Jean-de-Luz?
A: Saint-Jean-de-Luz is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Basque Country. Saint-Jean-de-Luz

Q: What is San Andreas?
A: San Andreas may mean: * San Andreas Fault, the 1000&nbsp;km fault * San Andreas, California, a place in the United States * Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, a video game for PlayStation 2, PC and Xbox

Q: What is Yuri Saukh?
A: Yuri Vasilyevich Saukh () (September 14, 1951 – January 2, 2021) was a Soviet football player and Russian coach and manager. He played for the Soviet Union national football team in 1976.

Q: What is Astronaut?
A: using a space suit outside the United States' in 1984. An astronaut or cosmonaut is a person who goes into outer space.

Q: What is Locus?
A: Locus may refer to: *Locus (mathematics), one of a set of points which satisfies one or more conditions *An allele's position on a chromosome *Locus Award

Q: What is Flores?
A: Flores is one of the Lesser Sunda Islands, an island arc. Its area is about .

Q: What is Maurizio Calvesi (art historian)?
A: Maurizio Calvesi (18 September 1927 &ndash; 24 July 2020) was an Italian art critic, historian and essayist. He was born in Rome.

Q: What is Electroreception?
A: of a shark. Electroreception is the ability animals have to sense electrical sources.

Q: What is Crossodactylus franciscanus?
A: Crossodactylus franciscanus is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Q: What is Digambar?
A: Digambar (sky-clad) is one of the two main sects of Jainism, the other is Svetambar. The word digambara is made up of two words 'dig' and 'ambar', the person whose clothes (ambar) is the directions (dig).

Q: What is Cartman Gets an Anal Probe?
A: "Cartman Gets an Anal Probe" is the 1st episode for the 1st season of South Park. It was first shown on Comedy Central in the United States on August 13, 1997.

Q: What is Fauvillers?
A: Fauvillers is a municipality in the Belgian province of Luxembourg. In 2007, 2071 people lived there.

Q: What is Guiclan?
A: Guiclan () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Bischhausen?
A: Bischhausen is a village in southern Lower Saxony, Germany. In December 2010, 371 people lived in the village (as of May 4, 2015).

Q: What is History of Junagadh?
A: , ANCIENT INDIA. Literally translated, Junagadh means "Old Fort".

Q: What is Montgeron?
A: Montgeron is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Q: What is Gilmore City, Iowa?
A: Gilmore City is a city in Iowa in the United States. It is in Humboldt and Pocahontas Counties.

Q: What is Area code 336?
A: Area code 336 is a telephone area code in the state of North Carolina, United States. It was created on December 15, 1997, when it was split from area code 910.

Q: What is List of fires in China?
A: held a memorial event on Novmeber 27, 2022 because of the disaster This is a list of notable fires in mainland China since 1900.

Q: What is Ray Frenette?
A: Joseph Raymond "Ray" Frenette (April 16, 1935 – July 13, 2018) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Beresford, New Brunswick.

Q: What is DNA methylation?
A: molecule that is methylated at the two center cytosines. DNA methylation plays an important role for epigenetic gene regulation in development and disease DNA methylation is the main way gene activity is adjusted during life, especially during early development.

Q: What is Snapple?
A: Snapple is a flavored beverage in the United States. It was created in 1972 and is owned by the company Keurig Dr Pepper.

Q: What is Partille?
A: Partille is a former urban area in the county of Västra Götaland in Sweden. It is the seat of Partille Municipality.

Q: What is Raymond Braun?
A: Raymond Braun is an American celebrity, journalist and an advocate for the LGBTQ rights. He grew up in Toledo, Ohio and graduated from Stanford University.

Q: What is Glasgow, Montana?
A: Glasgow is a city in Montana in the United States. It is the county seat of Valley County.

Q: What is Lyn May?
A: Liliana Mendiola Mayanes, known as Lyn May (born December 12, 1952 in Acapulco, Guerrero), is a Mexican actress and vedette of Chinese ancestry. births people movie actors

Q: What is Amasra?
A: Amasra (from Greek Amastris Ἄμαστρις, gen. Ἀμάστριδος) is a small Black Sea port town in the Bartın Province, Turkey, formerly known as Amastris.

Q: What is Deconstruction?
A: Deconstruction is a way of understanding how something was created, usually things like art, books, poems and other writing. Deconstruction is breaking something down into smaller parts.

Q: What is Standard heat of formation?
A: The standard heat of formation is a kind of heat of reaction. It means the heat gotten rid of or pulled in when 1 mole of a compound is made from elements when its on Standard conditions for temperature and pressure

Q: What is Patience Itanyi?
A: Patience Itanyi is a athlete from Nigeria. Patience competed in the Athletics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's long jump

Q: What is Moore's law?
A: transistor counts against dates of introduction. The vertical scale is semi-logarithmic; the line corresponds to exponential growth with transistor count doubling every two years.

Q: What is Adem Demaçi?
A: Adem Demaçi (26 February 1936 – 26 July 2018) was a Kosovo-Albanian politician, writer and activist. He was born in Podujevë, Yugoslavia.

Q: What is Coldstream, North Canterbury?
A: Coldstream is an eastern suburb of Rangiora. It is situated 30 kilometers north of Christchurch and is west of towns Woodend and Waikuku.

Q: What is Batman Beyond?
A: Batman Beyond is a popular animated television series that aired from January 10, 1999 to December 18, 2001 and is set in the DC Animated Universe. Based on the DC Comics superhero Batman, it features Terry McGinnis as the new Batman, operating in a futuristic Gotham City under the guidance of an elderly Bruce Wayne.

Q: What is Atypical depression?
A: Atypical depression is a subtype of major depression and dysthymia, sharing certain symptoms for both, though it is also marked with mood reactivity (having improved moods during positive events). Atypical depression is also associated with too much sleeping and excessive eating.

Q: What is Cancelling out?
A: Cancelling out is a mathematical process used for removing subexpressions, or parts of an expression that is correct, from a mathematical expression (mathematical equation). This process can be used if it doesn't change the meaning or value of the expression since the subexpression have equal and opposing sides.

Q: What is Wendy Smits?
A: Wendy Smits (22 January 1983 – 9 October 2022) was an international Dutch handball player. Smits moved in 2005 from HV SEW to the Germany and played with TuS Metzingen, HSG Sulzbach Leidersbach and Frisch Auf Göppingen.

Q: What is Indian reserve?
A: An Indian reserve is a place in Canada where First Nations (indigenous people) manage their own land. They are defined by the Indian Act.

Q: What is Bacon number?
A: The Bacon number of an actor or actress is the number of degrees of separation (see Six degrees of separation) they have from actor Kevin Bacon, as defined by the game known as [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Six_Degrees_of_Kevin_Bacon Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon]. It applies the Erdős number concept to the movie industry.

Q: What is Wadi Halfa?
A: Wadi Halfa is a small city in the northern part of Sudan by Lake Nubia (the Sudanese section of Lake Nasser). It has 6 neighborhoods with inhabitants of 18,000 people.

Q: What is Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders?
A: The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) is a book explaining mental disorders. It is published by the American Psychiatric Association.

Q: What is Protoceratops?
A: Protoceratops was a ceratopsian dinosaur from Mongolia. It was shown in a fossil being attacked by a Velociraptor.

Q: What is Lake Placid vs. Anaconda?
A: Lake Placid vs. Anaconda is a 2015 American comedy horror television film directed by A.B.

Q: What is Yann Sommer?
A: Yann Sommer (born 17 December 1988) is a Swiss professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Inter Milan and the Switzerland national team.

Q: What is Once Upon a Time (TV series)?
A: Once Upon a Time (OUAT) is an American fairy tale drama television series. It was first broadcast on October 23, 2011 on ABC.

Q: What is Hiroshima Peace Memorial Ceremony?
A: The Hiroshima Peace Memorial Ceremony is an annual Japanese vigil that occurs on August 6 yearly since 1974 in the city of Hiroshima. Its purpose is to console the victims of the atomic bombs and to pray for the realization of lasting world peace.

Q: What is Reese Witherspoon?
A: Reese Witherspoon (also known as Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon, born March 22, 1976) is an American actress and film producer. She lived in Wiesbaden, Germany for four years when her father worked for the U.S.

Q: What is Elisabeth Andreassen?
A: Elisabeth Andreassen (born 28 March 1958) is a Norwegian singer. She participated at the Eurovision Song Contest for Sweden in 1982, and for Norway in 1985 and 1996.

Q: What is MoveOn?
A: MoveOn (formerly known as MoveOn.org) is a progressive in 1998 in response to the impeachment of President Bill Clinton by the U.S. House of Representatives.

Q: What is British Film Institute?
A: The British Film Institute is a charity which helps to promote movies. They call them films rather than movies.

Q: What is Fabiola Gianotti?
A: Fabiola Gianotti is an Italian particle physicist and Director General of the Conseil Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire, or CERN. A particle physicist is a scientist who studies the parts of an atom.

Q: What is Singapore Airlines?
A: at Manchester Airport. Singapore Airlines is an airline based in Singapore.

Q: What is Eccleshall?
A: Eccleshall is a small town and civil parish in the county of Staffordshire in England. The town is seven miles from Stafford and six miles from Stone.

Q: What is MAC spoofing?
A: MAC spoofing is a technique for changing a factory-assigned MAC address of a network interface on a networked device. It makes the device present a different hardware address on the data link layer (Layer 2) than the one burned into the network adapter, which can be used for privacy, testing, or to bypass simple access control measures that rely on MAC addresses.

Q: What is 2024 Summer Olympics closing ceremony?
A: The closing ceremony of 2024 Summer Olympics happened at August 11, 2024 9:00 PM CEST time zone. It happened at Paris, France.

Q: What is Actor?
A: and Barbara Eden in the television series "I Dream of Jeannie" in 1965. An actor is a person who acts, or has a role (a part) in a movie, television show, play, or radio show.

Q: What is Paul Schneider (actor)?
A: Paul Andrew Schneider (born March 16, 1976) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Mark Brendanawicz on the first two seasons of the NBC television program

Q: What is Denklingen?
A: Denklingen is a municipality in Landsberg (also called Landsberg am Lech) in Bavaria in Germany. The former municipality of Epfach, which has a history back to the Roman period, is now part of Denklingen.

Q: What is Michael Keaton?
A: Michael John Douglas (born September 5, 1951), known professionally by the artistic name Michael Keaton, is an American actor. He became popular for his early comedic film roles, most notably his performance as the title character of Tim Burton's Beetlejuice and would return to the role in the 2024 sequel Beetlejuice Beetlejuice.

Q: What is Pauline Hanson's One Nation?
A: Pauline Hanson's One Nation (PHON or ONP), also known as One Nation or One Nation Party, is a political party in Australia. One Nation was founded in 1997, by member of parliament Pauline Hanson and her advisors David Ettridge and David Oldfield.

Q: What is Pope Benedict XIV?
A: Pope Benedict XIV (; 31 March 1675 – 3 May 1758), born Prospero Lorenzo Lambertini, was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 248th Pope from 1740 until his death in 1758.

Q: What is Trånghalla Church?
A: Trånghalla Church () is a church building in Trånghalla in Sweden. It belongs to the Bankeryd Parish of the Church of Sweden.

Q: What is Anitta (singer)?
A: Larissa de Macedo Machado (born March 30, 1993), also known as Anitta, is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, television host, actress, and businesswoman. In 2017, she was ranked as one of the most influential celebrities in social media according to Billboard.

Q: What is Twisp, Washington?
A: Twisp is a town in Okanogan County in north central Washington, United States. It is located near the Twisp and Methow rivers.

Q: What is Tricky?
A: Tricky (born Adrian Nicholas Matthews Thaws, 27 January 1968) is an English musician and actor. As a producer and a musician, he is noted for a dark, rich and layered sound and a whispering lyrical style.

Q: What is Steppe Geoglyphs?
A: The Steppe Geoglyphs are a number of Neolithic earth constructions in the Turgay Trough area of Turgai in northern Kazakhstan. There are at least 260 of these earthworks.

Q: What is Porto Alegre golden-eyed tree frog?
A: The Porto Alegre golden-eyed tree frog (Trachycephalus mesophaeus) is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in Atlantic forests.

Q: What is Burden of proof (philosophy)?
A: The burden of proof (Latin: onus probandi) is the job of a person who is involved in a debate to show proof for their claim. When people are in a discussion and one makes a claim that the other one does not agree with, the one who makes the claim has the burden of proof.

Q: What is Bushra Razack?
A: Bushra Razack is an award-winning community developer and humanitarian. She is the founder and CEO of Philippi Village in Cape Town

Q: What is Pennsylvania Attorney General?
A: The Pennsylvania attorney general is the chief law enforcement officer of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. It became an elected office in 1980.

Q: What is Zoli Ádok?
A: Zoli Ádok (born Szeged, Hungary, 22 March 1976) is a Hungarian pop singer, actor and dancer who represented his nation at the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Dance With Me". births people singers actors

Q: What is Giromagny?
A: Giromagny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Q: What is Ahmet Davutoğlu?
A: Ahmet Davutoğlu (; born 26 February 1959) is a Turkish politician. He was the Prime Minister of Turkey and leader of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) from August 2014 to May 2016.

Q: What is Connor Swindells?
A: Connor Ryan Swindells (born 19 September 1996) is a British actor and model. He is best known for his role as Adam Groff in the Netflix original comedy-drama series Sex Education (2019–present).

Q: What is Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri?
A: Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri ( ‘Izzat Ibrāhīm ad-Dūrī; 1 July 1942 &ndash; 26 October 2020) was an Iraqi general and a commander of the Army of the Men of the Naqshbandi Order. He was an Iraqi military commander and was vice chairman of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council until the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.

Q: What is Amir Hossein Azmoudeh?
A: Amir Hossein Azmoudeh (; born in 1908 in Tehran - died in 1998 in France) was one of the senior soldiers of the Pahlavi period.

Q: What is Mo Hayder?
A: Mo Hayder (born Beatrice Clare Bastin; 2 January 1962 &ndash; 27 July 2021) was a British crime-thriller novelist. She wrote over ten novels during her twenty-year career.

Q: What is Matteo Bisiani?
A: Matteo Bisiani is an Italian archer. He was born on 2 August 1976.

Q: What is Éric Assous?
A: Éric Assous (30 March 1956 – 12 October 2020) was a Tunisian-born French director, screenwriter and dramatist. He was born in Tunis, Tunisia.

Q: What is MIRC?
A: mIRC is a popular shareware Internet Relay Chat (IRC) client for Microsoft Windows. It was created in 1995 by Khaled Mardam-Bey in C.

Q: What is Jon Arnett?
A: Jon Dwane "Jaguar Jon" Arnett (April 20, 1935 – January 16, 2021) was an American professional football player. He was a first-team All-American.

Q: What is Tōsandō?
A: is a Japanese term for both an ancient division of the country and the main road running through the region.Louis-Frédéric

Q: What is Rocket League?
A: Rocket League is a vehicular association football video game. It is developed and published by Psyonix.

Q: What is Yakutia Airlines?
A: Yakutia Airlines ("Авиакомпания Якутия") is a Russian airline. It started in 1992 with the name "Sakha Avia".

Q: What is Wu Cheng'en?
A: Wu Cheng'en (, ca. 1500–1582), courtesy name Ruzhong (汝忠), was a Chinese novelist and poet of the Ming Dynasty.

Q: What is Mauna Loa?
A: Mauna Loa is an active volcano on Hawaii Island, in the state of Hawaii, United States. It is considered to be the largest subaerial (from the bottom of the Pacific Ocean) volcano in the world and the tallest volcano in Hawaii.

Q: What is Glades County, Florida?
A: Glades County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida.

Q: What is Darlene Cates?
A: Darlene Cates (Rita Darlene Guthrie; December 13, 1947 – March 26, 2017) was an American actress. She played the obese housebound mother in the 1993 movie What's Eating Gilbert Grape.

Q: What is Dorgon?
A: Dorgon (, 1612 - 1650) was the Prince empire of Qing Dynasty. His surname was Aisin Gioro.

Q: What is Limpach?
A: Limpach may refer to several places: *Limpach, Luxembourg, in the commune of Reckange-sur-Mess *Limpach (Bodensee), in the municipality of Deggenhausertal and the district of Bodensee, Baden-Württemberg *Limpach, Switzerland, in the Canton of Bern *Limpach (river) that flows down to the Emme river.

Q: What is Vicuña?
A: The vicuña (Vicugna vicugna) is one of two wild South American camelids. The vicuña is the smallest of the camelids.

Q: What is CM Browser?
A: CM Browser (Chineseː 獵豹安全瀏覽器) was a web browser made by Cheetah Mobile. The browser is based on Chromium's codebase but supports Trident and the WebKit browser engine.

Q: What is Don't Forget to Remember Me?
A: "Don't Forget to Remember Me" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her debut studio album, Some Hearts (2005).

Q: What is Aga Khan IV?
A: Karīm al-Ḥussayni Shah, Aga Khan IV KBE (13 December 1936 – 4 February 2025) was the 49th Imam of the Shia Ismaili Muslims from 1957 until his death in 2025.

Q: What is Vladimir Guerrero?
A: in 2011. Vladimir Alvino Guerrero (born February 9, 1975), nicknamed Vlad, Vlady and Vlad the Impaler, is a Dominican former professional baseball player who spent 16 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a right fielder and designated hitter.

Q: What is Said Musa?
A: Said Wilbert Musa (born 19 March 1944) is a Belizean lawyer and politician. He was the Prime Minister of Belize

Q: What is Circle of latitude?
A: . On the Earth, a circle of latitude is an imaginary east-west circle that connects all locations with a given latitude.

Q: What is Maarten Stekelenburg?
A: Maarten Stekelenburg (born 22 September 1982) is a Dutch football player. He plays for Ajax and Netherlands national team.

Q: What is M1 motorway (Northern Ireland)?
A: The M1 is a motorway in Northern Ireland. It goes between Belfast and Dungannon.

Q: What is Sankey Canal?
A: The Sankey Canal in North West England used to be an industrial canal. It was called the Sankey Brook Navigation and later the St Helens Canal.

Q: What is Lyubka Rondova?
A: Lyubka Vasileva Rondova, Ljubka Rondova or Lubka Rondova () (24 September 1936 &ndash; 15 March 2016) was a Bulgarian folk singer. She best known for performing and recording many of the traditional song from Macedonia as a folklore region.

Q: What is Stevens Point, Wisconsin?
A: Stevens Point is the county seat of Portage County, Wisconsin Its 2020 population of 25,666 makes it the largest city in the county.

Q: What is Palazzo Vigo?
A: Palazzo dei Principi Natoli or Palazzo Vigo is a townhouse in Torre Archirafi, a small village on the island of Sicily. It is part of the Comune of Riposto in the Province of Catania.

Q: What is Nicolás Ardito Barletta Vallarino?
A: Nicolás Ardito Barletta Vallarino (born August 21, 1938) is a Panamanian politician. He was the President from October 11, 1984 to September 28, 1985.

Q: What is Robert LuPone?
A: Robert Francis LuPone (July 29, 1946 – August 27, 2022) was an American actor and artistic director. His sister is Patti LuPone.

Q: What is Urrácal?
A: Urrácal is a municipality in the Province of Almería, in Andalusia, Spain. It has an area of 25.47 km² and a population of 366 people.

Q: What is Gil Garcetti?
A: Gilbert Salvador Iberri Garcetti (born August 5, 1941) is an American politician and photographer. He was Los Angeles County's 40th Los Angeles County District Attorney

Q: What is Orleans (band)?
A: Orleans are an American soft rock band who were extremely popular during 1970s. Their song, Dance with Me was a highly popular single, though they have had other songs.

Q: What is Honors music?
A: The honors music is music played at formal times in the presence of the person, office-holder, or rank-holder. It is usually played by a military band.

Q: What is Odessa massacre (1941)?
A: The Odessa massacre (Romanian: Masacrul de la Odesa; Ukrainian: Голокост в Одесі) was a Estimates say that between 30,000 and 100,000 Jews were killed within two weeks by the Romanian occupation forces of Kingdom of Romania At the time, Romania was Axis powers *Ioanid, Radu. The Holocaust in Romania: The Destruction of Jews and Roma under the Antonescu Regime, 1940–1944.

Q: What is Lucho González?
A: Lucho González (born 19 January 1981) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Olympique Marseille and Argentina national team.

Q: What is Tara Sutaria?
A: Tara Sutaria (born 19 November 1995) is an Indian actress, singer and dancer who works in Hindi films and television. She started her television career as a child artist in 2010 with Disney India's Big Bada Boom and went on to star in the channel's sitcoms The Suite Life of Karan & Kabir (2012) and Oye Jassie (2013).

Q: What is Electoral district of Gympie?
A: Gympie is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1873, abolished in 1950 and recreated in 1960.

Q: What is Leap year starting on Saturday?
A: This article describes any leap year starting on Saturday. Examples include 1916, 1944, 1972, 2000, 2028, 2056, and 2084 in the Gregorian calendar, which is used in most of the world.

Q: What is Football at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament?
A: The women's football tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held held in Beijing and 4 other cities in the China. The tournament had 12 teams.

Q: What is Spelaeophryne?
A: Spelaeophryne methneri is a species of frog in the family Brevicipitidae. It is the only species in the genus Spelaeophryne.

Q: What is An American Tail?
A: The Treasure of Manhattan Island: An American Tail: The Treasure of Manhattan Island is a 1998 American animated musical comedy-drama movie directed by Larry Latham. It is the sequel to the 1991 movie An American Tail: Fievel Goes West.

Q: What is The Great American Bash (2004)?
A: The Great American Bash (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) for their SmackDown! brand. It took place on June 27, 2004 at the Norfolk Scope in Norfolk, Virginia.

Q: What is Laurie Carter?
A: Laurie A. Carter is the president of Lawrence University.

Q: What is Inca Kola?
A: Inca Kola is a soft drink. It was created in Peru in 1935 by British immigrant Joseph Robinson Lindley.

Q: What is Mauro Esposito?
A: Mauro Esposito (born 13 June 1979) is an Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team.

Q: What is Mühlheim an der Donau?
A: Mühlheim an der Donau ('Mühlheim on the Danube') is a town of the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the right bank of the river Danube and is northeast of Tuttlingen.

Q: What is When It' s Over (Loverboy song)?
A: "When It's Over" is a 1982 song by Canadian rock band Loverboy. It is taken from their second album Get Lucky.

Q: What is Ashland, Mississippi?
A: Ashland is a town in the U.S. state of Mississippi.

Q: What is Beef?
A: Beef is a type of meat that comes from cattle. Beef can be cooked in many ways; cuts are usually used for steak, which can be cooked to many levels of doneness.

Q: What is Parole?
A: Parole is the release of a prisoner before the end of his or her original sentence. This is based on the prisoner accepting certain conditions.

Q: What is Group 6 element?
A: Group 6, numbered by IUPAC style, is a group of elements in the periodic table. Its members are chromium (Cr), molybdenum (Mo), tungsten (W), and seaborgium (Sg).

Q: What is Natalee Holloway?
A: Natalee Holloway (born October 21, 1986), from Mountain Brook, Alabama, United States, disappeared on May 30, 2005 during a graduation trip in Aruba. Holloway remains officially missing to this day, although according to Aruban authorities, she is most likely dead.

Q: What is Ian Thorpe?
A: Ian Thorpe (born 13 October 1982 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian swimming A large baby, Thorpe weighed 4.1 kg (9.02 lb) and measured 0.59 m (1 ft 11 in) in length at birth. On 12 July 2014, Thorpe revealed he is gay.

Q: What is I'm Just Ken?
A: "I'm Just Ken" is a song sang by Canadian actor Ryan Gosling for the 2023 movie Barbie. It was written and produced by Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt.

Q: What is Ron Goldman?
A: Ronald Lyle Goldman (July 2, 1968 – June 12, 1994) was an American restaurant waiter. He was a friend of Nicole Brown Simpson, the ex-wife of O.

Q: What is Astor markhor?
A: . The Astor Markhor or the Flare-horned Markhor (Capra falconeri falconeri) is an endangered species of Markhor.

Q: What is Fritz Sdunek?
A: Fritz Sdunek (pronounced free-ts zdoo-neck, April 18, 1947 – December 22, 2014) was a German professional boxing trainer and former amateur boxer. Sdunek was one of the most successful and famous boxing trainers.

Q: What is Isla (given name)?
A: Isla is a feminine given name mainly of Scottish usage. It is perhaps derived from "Islay", which is the name of an island off the west coast of Scotland.

Q: What is Julie Strain?
A: Julie Ann Strain (February 18, 1962 – January 10, 2021) was an American actress and model. She was Penthouse (magazine) In November 2018, Strain announced that she had advanced dementia and was placed in hospice care.

Q: What is Saint-Martin-de-Lerm?
A: Saint-Martin-de-Lerm is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Caledonian Stadium?
A: Caledonian Stadium is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.

Q: What is Racquet?
A: A racquet (sometimes racket) is used in sports to hit an object. It differs from a paddle because the head is a grid of strings instead of solid.

Q: What is Bloomfield Township, Oakland County, Michigan?
A: Bloomfield Township, officially the Charter Township of Bloomfield, is a charter township of Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Q: What is Melissa Leo?
A: Melissa Leo (born September 14, 1960 in Manhattan, New York) is an American movie and television actress. She acted in the television series All My Children (2011) and in the movie Oblivion (2013).

Q: What is 6ix9ine?
A: Daniel Hernandez (born May 8, 1996), known professionally as 6ix9ine (pronounced "six nine") and formerly as Tekashi69, is an American rapper and songwriter. Hernandez is known for his distinctive rainbow-themed look, tattoos, aggressive style of rapping, public feuds with fellow celebrities, legal issues, and controversial public persona.

Q: What is Mould?
A: s Mould (or mold) is a type of fungus. It grows in the form of Multicellular organism Molds are a large group of fungi.

Q: What is Robert Englund?
A: Robert Englund (born June 6, 1947 in Glendale, California) is an American actor. He is most famous for playing Freddy Krueger in the A Nightmare on Elm Street movies.

Q: What is John Berry (musician)?
A: John Berry, Jr. (August 29, 1963 &ndash; May 19, 2016) was an Americans Berry died from complications of dementia in a hospital in Danvers, Massachusetts on May 19, 2016, aged 52.

Q: What is Robert Kerman?
A: Robert Charles Kerman (December 16, 1947 – December 27, 2018) was an American actor. He appeared in pornographic movies in the 1970s and 1980s.

Q: What is Eino Leino?
A: Eino Leino (6 July 1878 – 10 January 1926) was a Finnish poet and journalist. He is considered to be one of the pioneers of Finnish poetry.

Q: What is Gamboge?
A: Gamboge is a shade of yellow. It is a partially transparent deep saffron to mustard yellow pigment.

Q: What is George Bandy?
A: George Bandy (February 7, 1945 – January 16, 2018) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from the 83rd District, being first elected in 1994.

Q: What is Romen Theatre?
A: Romen Theatre (Russian: Московский музыкально-драматический театр "Ромэн") in Moscow, Russia, is the oldest and the most famous of Romani theatres in the world. The theatre is a key object of Romani culture in Russia, and from the moment of its foundation in 1931, it has been a centre of attraction for Romani artists in Russia.

Q: What is Mariupol?
A: Mariupol (, ; ; also ; ; ) is a city in south eastern Ukraine, on the north coast of the Sea of Azov. It is the tenth-largest city in Ukraine, and the second largest in the Donetsk Oblast.

Q: What is Etika?
A: Desmond Daniel Amofah (May 12, 1990 – June 19, 2019), better known online as Etika, was an American YouTuber, live-streamer and model. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Q: What is UNITA?
A: The National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA, ) is the second-largest political party in Angola. Founded in 1966, UNITA fought alongside the MPLA in the Angolan War of Independence and then against the MPLA in the Angolan Civil War.

Q: What is Bone marrow?
A: illustration of cells in bone marrow Bone marrow is a type of tissue that can be found in hollow bones of many animals. In humans, it is soft, spongy tissue where blood stem cells live.

Q: What is Control Machete?
A: Control Machete were an Mexican rap group from Monterrey, Nuevo León, and its members were Fermín IV, Pato Machete and DJ Toy Selectah. The rap group started in 1996 and lasted until 2004.

Q: What is Von Graben?
A: Herren von Graben, also known as vom Graben, Grabner, ab dem Graben, von dem Graben, von Graben von (zum) Stein, Graben zu Kornberg, Grabner zu Rosenburg, were an ancient family of the Austrian aristocracy.

Q: What is Spacecraft?
A: flew 135 times from 1981 to 2011, supporting Spacelab, Mir, the Hubble Space Telescope, and the ISS. (Columbia maiden launch, which had a white external tank, shown) A spacecraft is a vehicle that can carry people and cargo beyond the Earth's atmosphere, through space to other planets, space stations, or orbits and back home again.

Q: What is Feature phone?
A: (ca 2003); a typical feature phone.|353x353px A feature phone or a dumbphone is a type of mobile phone. The name "feature phone" usually means the phone cannot do things that a smartphone can do.

Q: What is Independent voter?
A: An independent voter in the United States is a voter who doesn't side with a particular political party. They vote for anyone they want to, from any party.

Q: What is Bar-sur-Aube?
A: Bar-sur-Aube is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France. Bar-sur-Aube in France

Q: What is Dejan Lovren?
A: Dejan Lovren (born 5 July 1989) is a Croatian football player. He plays as a defender for Zenit Saint Petersburg and Croatia national team.

Q: What is Bérus?
A: Bérus is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée?
A: Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Q: What is 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup Group C?
A: Group C of the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup matches place from 9 to 18 June 2019. The group consisted of Australia, Brazil, Italy and Jamaica.

Q: What is Marc Racicot?
A: Marc Racicot (; born July 24, 1948) is an American attorney, lobbyist, politician. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Q: What is Omegna?
A: Omegna is a comune in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont. in Verbano-Cusio-Ossola

Q: What is Jan Vermaat?
A: Jan Jacob Vermaat (21 May 1939 – 7 November 2022) was a Dutch sculptor and draughtsman from Woerden. His significance for the development of art and culture in Woerden has been described as 'great'.

Q: What is Prime Minister of Cameroon?
A: Under the current Constitution of Cameroon, the Prime Minister of Cameroon is a powerless position. While the Prime Minister is officially appointed to be the head of government, the President has the most of the executive power and can fire the Prime Minister at will.

Q: What is 1966 FIFA World Cup?
A: The 1966 FIFA World Cup was the eighth FIFA World Cup. It was held in England from 11 to 30 July.

Q: What is Nieuport 11?
A: {| |} The Nieuport 11 is a French single-engine biplane fighter aircraft used during World War I that allowed France to defeat the German Fokker Eindeckers. It sometimes called "Bébé" (the French word for baby) due to its small size.

Q: What is Marco the Magnificent?
A: Marco the Magnificent is a 1965 French Italian Egyptian Afghan Serbian adventure movie directed by Denys de la Patellière and starring Omar Sharif, Anthony Quinn, Horst Buchholz, Orson Welles, Akim Tamiroff, Elsa Martinelli, Robert Hossein, Guido Alberti.

Q: What is RF modulator?
A: modulator, top cover taken off An RF modulator (or radio frequency modulator) is an electronic device. Its input is a baseband signal.

Q: What is Virtual particle?
A: A virtual particle is a short-lived particle. It is similar to an ordinary particle, but cannot be directly detected.

Q: What is Bruno Iwuoha?
A: Bruno Obinna Iwuoha (6 October 1952 — 10 April 2021) was a Nigerian actor. He won the Best Supporting Actor award at the 3rd Africa Movie Academy Awards for his performance in the movie "Sins of the Flesh".

Q: What is Tagblatt-Pokal?
A: The Tagblatt-Pokal (Tagblatt-Cup) was an annual Viennese league football championship. It was the first of its kind in Austria.

Q: What is Tai chi chuan?
A: Tai chi chuan (; ), also known as "Supreme Ultimate Fist", is an internal Chinese martial art which is practiced for both its defense training and health benefits.

Q: What is Enrique Bolaños?
A: Enrique José Bolaños Geyer (13 May 1928 &ndash; 14 June 2021) was a Nicaraguan politician. He was the President of Nicaragua from 10 January, 2002 to 10 January, 2007.

Q: What is Bridgewater, Vermont?
A: Bridgewater is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States. in Vermont establishments in North America

Q: What is Hayley Mills?
A: Hayley Mills (born 18 April 1946) is a British television, stage and movie actress. She was born in Marylebone, London.

Q: What is Rêve à la lune?
A: Rêve à la lune is a 1905 French silent comedy movie directed by Ferdinand Zecca and Gaston Velle and stars Ferdinand Zecca.

Q: What is Webtoon?
A: Webtoons () are a type of digital comics that come from South Korea. They are usually meant to be read on smartphones and are released in episodes.

Q: What is Silvio Longobucco?
A: Silvio Longobucco (5 June 1951 – 2 April 2022) was an Italian professional footballer. He played as a defender.

Q: What is Russell M. Nelson?
A: Russell Marion Nelson (September 9, 1924 – September 27, 2025) was the 17th President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 2018 until his death in 2025. He was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the LDS Church.

Q: What is Seres Automobile (Hubei)?
A: Seres Automobile (Hubei) Co., Ltd., formerly DFSK is a renowned brand in the automotive industry, offering a wide range of innovative products and services. Established in 2003, DFSK has garnered over 3 million users worldwide and achieved an impressive sales record of over 400,000 units in 2017 alone.

Q: What is Unconditionally?
A: "Unconditionally" is a song by American pop singer-songwriter Katy Perry. It was the second single from her fourth studio album, Prism, and it appears as the fifth track from that album.

Q: What is Clifford Alexander Jr.?
A: Clifford Leopold Alexander, Jr. (September 21, 1933 – July 3, 2022) was an American lawyer, businessman and politician.

Q: What is Yard (disambiguation)?
A: The yard is a unit of length. Yard can also mean: * Yard (land), an open space around a building.

Q: What is Chingola?
A: Chingola is a city in Zambia's Copperbelt Province, the country's copper-mining region. It has a population of 157,340 (2008 census).

Q: What is Billboard Music Awards?
A: The Billboard Music Awards are honors given out annually by Billboard. The Billboard Music Awards show has been held annually since 1990.

Q: What is U-Force?
A: The U-Force is a game controller made by Broderbund for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Two IR panels are used to detect hand movement.

Q: What is Richard Paul Evans?
A: Richard Paul Evans is an American author, well known for writing The Christmas Box and, Michael Vey series.

Q: What is Paste (food)?
A: Paste refers to a thick liquid, usually made by mixing dry and wet ingredients. Some examples include red bean paste and vanilla paste.

Q: What is Arabian plate?
A: The Arabian Plate is a tectonic plate It is bounded from the northwest by a left-lateral transform fault boundary, called the Dead Sea Rift, that extends from the northern end of the Red Sea to the Taurus Mountains in southern Turkey through the Dead Sea.

Q: What is Rahah Noah?
A: Rahah binti Mohamed Noah (11 June 1933 – 18 December 2020) was a Malaysian socialite. She was the widow of former Malaysian Prime Minister Abdul Razak Hussein.

Q: What is Bismah Maroof?
A: Bismah Maroof is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team.

Q: What is Tom Glover (soccer)?
A: Thomas William Glover (born 24 December 1997) is an Australian soccer player. He plays for Middlesborough in the EFL Championship and for the Australia men's national soccer team (nicknamed the "Socceroos").

Q: What is Namibia National Students Organisation?
A: The Namibia National Students Organisation (NANSO) is a student organisation which advocates for educational reforms for Namibian students. It was formed in 1984, four years before Namibia's independence as a means of providing equal opportunities for Namibian students who were excluded by Apartheid rule rules.

Q: What is Krusty Gets Busted?
A: "Krusty Gets Busted" is the twelfth episode of the first season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on April 29, 1990.

Q: What is Sam Walton?
A: Samuel Moore Walton (March 29, 1918 – April 5, 1992) was an American businessman. Walton created the well-known American stores, Wal-Mart and Sam's Club.

Q: What is Flamenco pa tos?
A: Flamenco pa tos is a Spanish festival of Flamenco music. It is organized by the Gomaespuma Foundation.

Q: What is Reykjavík?
A: Reykjavík is the capital city of the island country of Iceland. It is also the largest city in that country.

Q: What is Jussy-le-Chaudrier?
A: Jussy-le-Chaudrier is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France.

Q: What is Certified Lover Boy?
A: Certified Lover Boy is the sixth studio album by Canadian rapper Drake. Certified Lover Boy was released on September 3, 2021.

Q: What is Maryo J. de los Reyes?
A: Mario Margarito "Maryo" Jorolan de los Reyes (December 12, 1952 – January 27, 2018) was a Filipino movie and television director. He was born in Santa Cruz, Manila.

Q: What is Pingus?
A: Pingus is an open source video game made by German developer Ingo Ruhnke. It plays like Lemmings, but has penguins instead of lemmings.

Q: What is Richard Schweiker?
A: Richard Schultz Schweiker (June 1, 1926 &ndash; July 31, 2015) was an American politician. A member of the Republican Party, he served as the 14th U.S.

Q: What is Troubadour (K'naan album)?
A: Troubadour is the third studio album released by K'naan. The features some guest artists like Chubb Rock, Damian Marley, Adam Levine, Kirk Hammett, Mos Def, and Chali 2na.

Q: What is Phablet?
A: series (Note 10, Note 10+, and Note 10 pictured) A phablet () is a type of mobile device designed to combine the format of smartphones and tablet computers. The name itself is a combination of the words phone and tablet.

Q: What is Blaignan-Prignac?
A: Blaignan-Prignac is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Communes of the Isère department?
A: The following is a list of the 533 different communes of the Isère département, in France. * (CUB) Agglomeration community of Grenoble Alpes Métropole, created in 2000.

Q: What is Canadian Army?
A: The Land Force Command (LFC) is the army of Canada and is often called the Canadian Army. It is part of the Canadian Forces.

Q: What is National Women’s Political Caucus?
A: The National Women's Political Caucus is a progressive, pro-choice, multi-partisan, grassroots membership organization dedicated to identifying, recruiting, training, and supporting women candidates for elected and appointed office.

Q: What is Metonymy?
A: Metonymy is a term for a figure of speech. Metonymy a thing or concept is indirectly named.

Q: What is Plaridel, Bulacan?
A: Plaridel is a municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 114,432 people lived there.

Q: What is By the Law?
A: By the Law () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Alexandra Khokhlova, Sergei Komarov, and Vladimir Fogel.

Q: What is Nogent-l'Artaud?
A: Nogent-l&#39;Artaud is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is Kelly Armstrong?
A: Kelly Michael Armstrong (born October 8, 1976) is an American lawyer and politician who is the 34th Governor of North Dakota since 2024. Before, he represented North Dakota's at-large congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 2019 to 2024.

Q: What is Romeo Crennel?
A: Romeo Crennel (born June 18, 1947 in Lynchburg, Virginia) is the former head coach of the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League.

Q: What is Bayou L'Ourse, Louisiana?
A: Bayou L'Ourse is a census-designated place (CDP) in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States. places in Assumption Parish, Louisiana

Q: What is The Living Daylights?
A: The Living Daylights is a 1987 British spy movie directed by John Glen and is the 15th movie in the James Bond franchise. It stars Timothy Dalton, Maryam d'Abo, Joe Don Baker, Art Malik, Jeroen Krabbé, John Rhys-Davies and Andreas Wisniewski.

Q: What is Duttaphrynus stomaticus?
A: Duttaphrynus stomaticus (also known as the Indus Valley toad, Asiatic marbled toad, Punjab toad, or marbled toad) is a species of toad that can be found in Pakistan, Iran, and possibly in Afghanistan. It is most found in the Indus Valley.

Q: What is Sivas?
A: Sivas is a city in eastern Turkey. The city is in the Eastern Anatolia Region.

Q: What is Tracer?
A: as Tracer. Tracer is a fictional video game character from Overwatch.

Q: What is Digital audio workstation?
A: A digital audio workstation (DAW) is an electronic device or application software. It is used for Sound recording and reproduction DAWs are used for the production and recording of music, songs, speech, radio, television, soundtracks, podcasts, sound effects.

Q: What is Álvaro Siza Vieira?
A: Álvaro Joaquim de Melo Siza Vieira, (born 25 June 1933), is a Portuguese architect, and architectural educator. He is internationally known as Álvaro Siza () and in Portugal as Siza Vieira ().

Q: What is Kissimmee, Florida?
A: Kissimmee is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Osceola County.

Q: What is Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos?
A: Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos (5 March 1950 &ndash; 18 December 2025), known as Nandó, was an Angolan politician. He was Vice-President of Angola from 18 February 2010 until 26 September 2012.

Q: What is One Hungary?
A: One Hungary (used to be Vodafone Hungary) is the second-largest telecommunications company in Hungary. It started it's services on November 30, 1999, and has been a part of Hungarian telecom market since then.

Q: What is Gordon F. Henderson?
A: Gordon Fripp Henderson CC QC (April 17, 1912 – August 17, 1993) was a Canadian intellectual property lawyer and the chairman of Gowling WLG. He was the president of the Canadian Bar Association and the chancellor of the University of Ottawa.

Q: What is Raorchestes theuerkaufi?
A: Raorchestes theuerkaufi is a frog. It lives in India.

Q: What is Tetragonia tetragonoides?
A: Tetragonia tetragonoides, commonly called New Zealand spinach and other local names, is a flowering plant in the fig-marigold family (Aizoaceae). It is often cultivated as a leafy vegetable.

Q: What is Trinity Church, Worms?
A: The Holy Trinity Church, also called the Reformation Memorial Church of the Holy Trinity) () is the largest Protestant church in Worms, Germany. It was built between 1701 and 1717.

Q: What is Saint-Nicolas-aux-Bois?
A: Saint-Nicolas-aux-Bois is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is Elizabeth Bowen?
A: Elizabeth Bowen CBE (; 7 June 1899 &ndash; 22 February 1973) was a British novelist and short story writer. She was born in an Anglo-Irish family in Dublin, Ireland and wrote many books and stories that are set in Ireland.

Q: What is Rufst du, mein Vaterland?
A: "Rufst du, mein Vaterland?" ("Do you call, my Fatherland?") was the national anthem of Switzerland from 1848 to 1961. In 1961, Switzerland changed their national anthem to the Swiss Psalm.

Q: What is Orient Express?
A: The Orient Express is the name for a passenger train (and its route). Originally it ran from Paris to Istanbul.

Q: What is Alien?
A: Resurrection: Alien: Resurrection is a 1997 British science fiction-horror-thriller movie. It was written by Joss Whedon and directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet.

Q: What is Theresa Russell?
A: Theresa Russell (born March 20, 1957 in San Diego) is an married to British movie director Nicolas Roeg (born 1928) from 1982 until they divorced.

Q: What is Kollam district?
A: Kollam district (formerly Quilon) is one of 14 districts of the state of Kerala, India. The district has a cross-section of Kerala's natural attributes; it is endowed with a long coastline, a major Laccadive Sea seaport and an inland lake (Ashtamudi Lake).

Q: What is Peregrine falcon?
A: The peregrine falcon (Falco peregrinus) is a cosmopolitan bird of prey in the family Falconidae. It can also be known just as the peregrine, and was once called the "Duck hawk" in North America.

Q: What is Ćorkovac?
A: Ćorkovac is an eastern confluent of the Vrbanja river in Bosnia. It begins on the north-eastern slopes of the Vlašić mountain's plateau, and the mouth opens at Šiprage, where the town's sawmill was.

Q: What is Tréméloir?
A: Tréméloir () is a former commune. It is in Brittany in the Côtes-d'Armor department in northwest France.

Q: What is War in Donbas (2014–2022)?
A: The war in Donbas, or the Donbas War, is an armed conflict in the Donbas region of Ukraine, part of the Russo-Ukrainian War. In March 2014, after the Euromaidan protest movement, protests by pro-Russian, anti-government separatist groups took place in the Donetsk and Luhansk oblasts of Ukraine.

Q: What is Jang Min-hee?
A: Jang Min-hee (born 5 April 1999) is a South Korean archer. Min-hee competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is NRG Stadium?
A: NRG Stadium is a football stadium in Houston, Texas. The NFL's Houston Texans play their home games here.

Q: What is Molecule Man?
A: The Molecule Man is a character from Marvel Comics, first appearing in The Fantastic Four #20 in 1963. His real name is Owen Reece, a man who gained vast reality-warping powers due to an accident involving a particle accelerator.

Q: What is Crépy?
A: Crépy can mean: * Crépy, Aisne, a commune of France in the Aisne department * Crépy, Pas-de-Calais, a commune of France in the Pas-de-Calais department * Crépy-en-Valois, a commune of France in the Oise department

Q: What is Seminole County?
A: Seminole County is the name of many counties in the United States: *Seminole County, Florida *Seminole County, Georgia *Seminole County, Oklahoma

Q: What is Mount Marapi?
A: The Marapi, or Mount Marapi is a volcano in West Sumatra, Indonesia, and is the most active volcano in Sumatra. Just like Mount Merapi on Java, its name means "Mountain of Fire".

Q: What is Western Wall?
A: The Western Wall, Wailing Wall or Kotel (, ; ; ) is an ancient wall in the Old City of Jerusalem on the western side of the Temple Mount. According to Jewish tradition this wall is a remnant of the Second Temple in Jerusalem.

Q: What is Aarre Merikanto?
A: Aarre Merikanto (29 June 1893 — 28 September 1958) was a Finnish composer. His parents were Liisa Häyrynen and composer Oskar Merikanto.

Q: What is Alex (footballer, born January 1982)?
A: Alex Henrique da Silva, better known as Alex (; born 6 January 1982), is an Armenian-Brazilian football player. He played as a defender for the club Mika Yerevan in the Armenian Premier League.

Q: What is Brentwood, New Hampshire?
A: Brentwood is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is X-Men?
A: First Class: X-Men: First Class (stylized on-screen as X: First Class) is a 2011 superhero action thriller epic fantasy movie. It is based on the fictional Marvel Comics group named X-Men.

Q: What is Derek Gee?
A: Derek Gee is a racing cyclist from Canada. Gee competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Bruno Coulais?
A: Bruno Coulais (born 13 January 1954) is a French composer. He is best known for his music on soundtracks for movies.

Q: What is Station model?
A: In meteorology, station models are symbolic illustrations showing the weather occurring at a given reporting station. The station model is used to fit a number of weather elements into a small space on weather maps.

Q: What is Church of Sweden?
A: The Church of Sweden (), is a Lutheran-Protestant Christian denomination in Sweden. The denomination was established in the 16th century, when Sweden converted from Catholicism to Protestantism, and became the Swedish state church.

Q: What is Welsh independence?
A: , July 2019 Welsh independence (Welsh: Annibyniaeth i Gymru) is a political movement that wants Wales to leave the United Kingdom and be an independent country. Wales was conquered by Edward I of England in the 13th century and became part of the Kingdom of England in 1535.

Q: What is Artillery of Japan?
A: Artillery in Japan is recorded in the 13th century. It was not used widely before the Sengoku period in the 16th century.

Q: What is Eddie Cheever?
A: Edward "Eddie" McKay Cheever, Jr. (born January 10, 1958 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American racing driver.

Q: What is Jung Jae-sung?
A: Jung Jae-sung (also Chung Jae-sung; Hangul: 정재성; Hanja: 鄭在成; ; 25 August 1982 – 9 March 2018) was a South Korean professional badminton player. Jung was born in Jeonju, Jeollabuk-do.

Q: What is Ellsworth County, Kansas?
A: Ellsworth County (county code EW) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas.

Q: What is Jim Pattison?
A: James Allen Pattison (born October 1, 1928) is a Canadian businessman, investor and philanthropist. He is the owner and founder of Jim Pattison Group.

Q: What is Carbon Cliff, Illinois?
A: Carbon Cliff is a village in Illinois in the United States. There were 1,846 people living in the area according to the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Fraction?
A: In common usage a fraction is any part of a unit. Fraction may also mean: *Fraction (mathematics), a quotient of numbers, e.g.

Q: What is Ed Dwight?
A: Edward Joseph Dwight Jr. (born September 9, 1933) is an American sculptor, author, former test pilot, and astronaut.

Q: What is Waelder, Texas?
A: Waelder is a city in Gonzales County, Texas, United States. It was first settled in 1881.

Q: What is Matthew P. Kennedy?
A: Matthew P. "Pat" Kennedy (28 January 1908 - 16 June 1957) was an American basketball referee.

Q: What is Le Theil-en-Auge?
A: Le Theil-en-Auge is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is New Year's Day?
A: New Year's Day is a holiday in many countries. It was made to welcome the new year.

Q: What is Linda Gerritsen?
A: Linda Gerritsen (born 12 March 1983) is a German water polo player. She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships, 2005 World Aquatics Championships, 2007 World Aquatics Championships and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

Q: What is Area codes 718, 347, and 929?
A: Area codes 718, 347, and 929 are area codes of New York. It was created in 1984 as a split from 212.

Q: What is Just Dance (song)?
A: "Just Dance" is a 2008 song by American singer Lady Gaga, from her debut album, The Fame. Gaga sang this song with Colby O'Donis.

Q: What is Design Museum Holon?
A: Design Museum Holon is the first museum of design in Israel. It was opened in 2010.

Q: What is County Tyrone?
A: County Tyrone is a county of Northern Ireland. It is in the province of Ulster.

Q: What is Albatros Dr.II?
A: The Albatros D.II was a German single-seat prototype fighter aircraft. Only one was built, which flew in 1918.

Q: What is Maloja District?
A: Maloja () is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of and a population of 17,810 people (as of December 2004).

Q: What is Orthosilicic acid?
A: Orthosilicic acid is a chemical compound made of silicon, hydrogen, and oxygen. It has the chemical formula .

Q: What is Mika Zibanejad?
A: Mika Zibanejad (; born 18 April 1993) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre and disk jockey. He is the alternate captain of the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Wetzlar?
A: Wetzlar is a city at the river Lahn in Hesse in Germany. It is near Frankfurt.

Q: What is Fontenay-le-Comte?
A: Fontenay-le-Comte is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Q: What is Ford Mustang?
A: The Ford Mustang is a very popular American sports car built by the Ford Motor Company beginning in 1964. The first cars were built in Ford's Dearborn, Michigan factory on March 9 of that year and the car was first shown to the public on April 17 at the New York World's Fair.

Q: What is Saint-Laurent-les-Bains-Laval-d'Aurelle?
A: Saint-Laurent-les-Bains-Laval-d'Aurelle is a commune of the Ardèche department, in the southern part of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Laurent-les-Bains (the seat) and Laval-d'Aurelle.

Q: What is Ostrów Mazowiecka?
A: Ostrów Mazowiecka is a main town of Ostrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland. * Population (as of 2008): a.

Q: What is Phoenix Wright?
A: Ace Attorney − Justice for All: Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney − Justice for All is an adventure game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld. It's about a lawyer who has to defend his clients for murder.

Q: What is Stephen Critchlow?
A: Stephen Critchlow (16 November 1966 – September 2021) was a British actor. He was in episodes of Torchwood and Doctor Who.

Q: What is Rómulo Macció?
A: Romulo Macció (1931 – 11 March 2016) was an Argentine painter. He worked with the local avant-garde art movement which took shape during the 1960s.

Q: What is Black neon tetra?
A: The Black neon tetra (Hyphessobrycon herbertaxelrodi) is a freshwater fish, Native to Southern Brazil and often kept in aquariums and last up to 5 years. It grows to in length and females are larger.

Q: What is Villain (1971 movie)?
A: Villain is a 1971 British LGBT crime drama movie. It was directed by Michael Tuchner.

Q: What is Jaime Roldós Aguilera?
A: Jaime Roldós Aguilera (November 5, 1940 – May 24, 1981) was President of Ecuador from 10 August 1979 until his death on 24 May 1981. In his short tenure, he became known for his firm stance on human rights.

Q: What is Otto, Wyoming?
A: Otto is an unincorporated community in Big Horn County in the U.S. state of Wyoming.

Q: What is The Sable Quean?
A: The Sable Quean is a children's fantasy novel. It was written by Brian Jacques in 2010, and it's the twenty-first book in the Redwall series.

Q: What is Karen Ann Quinlan?
A: Karen Ann Quinlan (March 29, 1954 – June 11, 1985) was an important figure in a right to die controversy in the United States. She went unconscious after arriving home from a party.

Q: What is Saigō Takamori?
A: was born in Kagoshima and was a Japanese Samurai. In 1877 he led the Satsuma rebellion and against the new imperial government.

Q: What is Manuel Turizo?
A: Manuel Turizo Zapata, better known as Manuel Turizo and by the acronym MTZ (born 12 April 2000) is a Colombian singer and songwriter. Born in Montería, Colombia.

Q: What is Gaillardia?
A: Gaillardia (Blanket flower) is a genus of drought-tolerant annual and perennial plants from the sunflower family (Asteraceae), native to North America. It was named after M.

Q: What is Van Alexander?
A: Van Alexander (born Alexander Van Vliet Feldman, May 2, 1915 – July 19, 2015) was an American bandleader, arranger and composer. He was known for his song "A-Tisket, A-Tasket".

Q: What is Sultan Hashim?
A: Sulṭān Hāshim Aḥmad Muḥammad al-Ṭāʾī ( 1942 – July 19, 2020) was an Iraqi military commander. He was Minister of Defense under Saddam Hussein's regime from 1995 to 2003.

Q: What is Pacific Ring of Fire?
A: on July 22, 1980. The Pacific Ring of Fire is an arc around the Pacific Ocean where many volcanoes and earthquakes are formed.

Q: What is Teizo Takeuchi?
A: was a Japanese football player. He played for the Japan national team.

Q: What is Shigeaki Uchino?
A: Shigeaki Uchino was a modern pentathlete from Japan. Shigeaki competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics

Q: What is Cheshire?
A: Cheshire is a rural county in England. It is the North West part of the country, just south of Manchester.

Q: What is Lupe Ontiveros?
A: Lupe Ontiveros (September 17, 1942 - July 26, 2012) was an Mexican-American movie and television actress. Ontiveros acted in a lot of movies and television series.

Q: What is Bruce Lee, The Legend?
A: Bruce Lee, The Legend is a 1984 Hong Kong documentary movie produced by Golden Harvest. It is the sequel of Bruce Lee, the Man and the Legend, scenes from this documentary, archive footage of Bruce Lee, posthumous movies and interviews.

Q: What is Darmstadt University of Applied Sciences?
A: Darmstadt University of Applied Sciences or h_da is a University of Applied Sciences in Darmstadt, Germany. It is the largest applied sciences university in Hesse with about 11,000 students.

Q: What is Lake County, South Dakota?
A: Lake County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Dakota.

Q: What is James B. Rhoads?
A: James Berton Rhoads (September 17, 1928 – April 7, 2015) was an Americans Rhoads died on April 7, 2015 in Leavenworth, Kansas, aged 86.

Q: What is Tremonton, Utah?
A: Tremonton is a city in Box Elder County, Utah, United States. establishments in Utah Territory establishments in the United States in Box Elder County, Utah

Q: What is Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves?
A: "Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves" is a song by Eurythmics and Aretha Franklin and featured on both Be Yourself Tonight and Who's Zoomin' Who?. It went to number 5 in Ireland, number 6 in New Zealand, number 9 in Finland and the United Kingdom, number 15 in Australia, number 17 in the Netherlands, number 18 in the United Kingdom and number 20 in Switzerland.

Q: What is Warluzel?
A: Warluzel is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Legoland Holiday Village?
A: Legoland Holiday Village is a motel and campsite with cabins located 500 metres from Legoland Billund Resort in Billund. The motel was established in 1994 by the Fonden for Billund Hostel under the name Billund FDM Camping and later changed into Legoland Village.

Q: What is Albert Ebossé Bodjongo?
A: Albert Dominique Ebossé Bodjongo Dika (6 October 1989 – 23 August 2014) was a Cameroonian soccer player who played for JS Kabylie in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1. On 23 August 2014 Albert was struck by a projectile thrown by a fan just hours after a matchup between his home team JS Kabylie and USM Alger.

Q: What is Mining?
A: :Explosives that explode when they are hit are also called mine; Two common types are Land mines and Naval mines. with a mine worker Mining is the process of digging things out of the ground.

Q: What is Campo nell'Elba?
A: Campo nell'Elba is a comune (municipality) on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Q: What is Libonectes?
A: Libonectes was a plesiosaur related to Elasmosaurus. It lived 80 to 65 million years ago.

Q: What is Dpkg?
A: dpkg is the name of a computer package management system. It is the primary package manager of the Debian GNU/Linux operating system.

Q: What is Větrný Jeníkov?
A: Větrný Jeníkov is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 582 people live there.

Q: What is Volvulus?
A: A volvulus is when a loop of intestine twists around itself and the mesentery that supports it, resulting in a bowel obstruction. Symptoms include abdominal pain, abdominal bloating, vomiting, constipation, and bloody stool.

Q: What is Bernie Nolan?
A: Bernadette Therese "Bernie" Nolan (17 October 1960 &ndash; 4 July 2013) was an Irish actress, singer, and television personality. She was known for being part of the Irish girl group The Nolans.

Q: What is Jordi Peñarroja?
A: Jordi Peñarroja ( Barcelona, January 17, 1944, Barcelona, April 21, 2024), pseudonym of Jordi-Vicenç Peñarroja Villanueva, is a writer from Barcelona with professional experience in various areas of the world of communication, from 1964 He is a member of the Catalan History Circle and the Association of Writers in the Catalan Language . Collaborates with Memorial 1714.

Q: What is Reggae rock?
A: Reggae rock is a subgenre of reggae fusion and rock music that primarily uses the genres reggae, rock and ska. music music

Q: What is Rebola, Equatorial Guinea?
A: Rebola is a town and the capital in Bioko Norte, Equatorial Guinea. As of 2001 census, 8,259 people lived there.

Q: What is Culgoa River?
A: Culgoa River is a river in the South West Queensland district of Queensland and the Orana district of New South Wales, Australia. The river is the western branch of the Balonne River in southern Queensland, near Dirranbandi.

Q: What is A Dangerous Woman (movie)?
A: A Dangerous Woman is a 1993 romantic drama movie. It was partly based on the same-named novel by Mary McGarry Morris.

Q: What is Tryin' to Throw Your Arms Around the World?
A: "Tryin' to Throw Your Arms Around the World" is a 1991 song by Irish rock band U2 and is the ninth track from their seventh studio album Achtung Baby. It was played on the Zoo TV Tour during 1992 and 1993.

Q: What is Phoenicia, New York?
A: Phoenicia is a hamlet (and census-designated place) of Shandaken in Ulster County, New York (state) It is seen as one of the best vacation towns in the greater New York City area.

Q: What is Managua?
A: Managua has been the capital city of Nicaragua since 1855. There had been an Indian settlement there before the Spanish, but the modern city was founded as Leal Villa de Santiago de Managua in 1811.

Q: What is Vatsavai?
A: Vatsavai is a village in the NTR district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is part of Vatsavai mandal in Nandigama revenue division.

Q: What is Herrenberg?
A: Herrenberg is a town in the middle of Baden-Württemberg. It is about south of Stuttgart and from Tübingen.

Q: What is Aerobatics?
A: Aerobatics is the practice of flying actions. It uses aircrafts that are not for carrying passengers.

Q: What is Google Translate?
A: Google Translate is a machine translation website from Google that can translate text between different languages. It can translate words, sentences, documents and web pages between any combination of 249 supported languages as of November 2025.

Q: What is Flag of Estonia?
A: Flag ratio: 7:11 The flag of Estonia has three colours and is made of three equal horizontal bands coloured blue (top), black, and white (bottom). Blue mirrors the sky, black the colour of the soil and national coat, and white the peoples' happiness and light.

Q: What is Lake City, Minnesota?
A: Lake City is a city in Goodhue and Wabasha counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota.

Q: What is 2024 Haneda Airport runway collision?
A: On 2 January 2024, Japan Airlines Flight 516 was involved in an accident when it collided with a Japan Coast Guard aircraft while landing at Haneda Airport in Tokyo. Both planes caught fire after the impact.

Q: What is Crooks, South Dakota?
A: Crooks is a city in the eastern part of the U.S. state of South Dakota.

Q: What is Three Great Gardens of Japan?
A: Three Great Gardens of Japan are gardens which are considered to be the 3 most beautiful gardens in japan as well as the most superior examples of expressing Japanese aesthetic traditions through its scenery in Japan. The gardens are Kenroku-en, Koairaku-en and Kouraku-en.

Q: What is Community of Sahel-Saharan States?
A: The Community of Sahel-Saharan States (CEN-SAD) aims to create a free trade area. CEN-SAD was started in February 1998 by six countries.

Q: What is Jorge Serrano Elías?
A: Jorge Antonio Serrano Elías (born April 26, 1945) is a Guatemalan politician. He was President of Guatemala from January 14, 1991 to June 1, 1993.

Q: What is NGC 300?
A: NGC 300 (also known as Caldwell 70) is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Sculptor. It is one of the nearest galaxies to the Local Group.

Q: What is Hockenheimring?
A: The Hockenheimring Baden-Württemberg is an automobile racing track near the town of Hockenheim in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Amongst other motor racing events, it holds the annual Formula One German Grand Prix in turns with the Nürburgring.

Q: What is Bezalel Academy of Art and Design?
A: Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design is the national academy of art and design of Israel. It is located in Mount Scopus, with some other small campuses in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.

Q: What is Coober Pedy, South Australia?
A: Coober Pedy is a small town in South Australia. It is famous for the opals which have been mined there since 1915.

Q: What is Charly-sur-Marne?
A: Charly-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is Tawakalt Yekeen?
A: Tawakalt Yekeen (born 1 August 2001) is a Nigerian track cyclist. She won multiple medals at the African championships.

Q: What is Nestlé Milk Chocolate?
A: Nestlé Milk Chocolate was a chocolate bar consisting of milk chocolate, produced by Nestlé. It was sold in many countries around the world.

Q: What is Cha Bum-kun?
A: Cha Bum-Kun (; born 22 May 1953) is a South Korean professional athlete. He is best known as an association football player.

Q: What is Tensokokyo?
A: is a Japanese new religion. The headquarters of Tensokokyo is located in Moriyama-ku, Nagoya, Japan.

Q: What is Jitendra Prasad Sonal?
A: Jitendra Prasad Sonal (also known as Jitendra Prasad Sonar) is a Nepalese politician. He is parliamentary party leader for the Loktantrik Samajwadi Party, Nepal in the Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province .

Q: What is Robert D. Hales?
A: Robert Dean Hales (August 24, 1932 &ndash; October 1, 2017) was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). As a member of the Quorum of the Twelve, Hales was accepted by the church as a prophet, seer, and revelator.

Q: What is Mexicana Flight 940?
A: Mexicana Flight 940, was flying from Mexico City to Los Angeles the plane was operated by a Boeing 727 with 159 passengers and 8 crew members on-board. On March 31, 1986 the plane suffered an in-flight fire and crashed near Michoacán, all 167 people on-board were killed, in Mexico's worst air-disaster.

Q: What is The Elder Scrolls V?
A: Skyrim: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an action role-playing, open-world video game which was made by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. Skyrim is the fifth game in The Elder Scrolls series.

Q: What is Alemannia?
A: Infobox country |20px |20px Alemannia, also spelt Alamannia was the land inhabited by the Germanic Alemanni, who expanded from the Main River basin during the 3rd century and settling on the left side of the Rhine River in the 4th century.

Q: What is Paneuropean Picnic?
A: The Paneuropean Picnic (also spelled Pan-European Picnic) was an event that took place on the border between Austria and Hungary near Sopron, Hungary. The event took place on August 19, 1989.

Q: What is Eden Prairie, Minnesota?
A: Eden Prairie is a city southwest of downtown Minneapolis in Hennepin County. It is the 16th-largest city in the U.S.

Q: What is Bloomberg Television?
A: Bloomberg Television is an American-based pay television network. It focuses on business and capital market programming.

Q: What is Aaron Gate?
A: Aaron Gate is a road and track cyclist from New Zealand. Gate competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Olympics, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Tyr?
A: Tyr is the god of war, heroic endeavor and justice in Norse mythology. In the Eddas, he is either the son of Odin or Hymir.

Q: What is John Adams (mutineer)?
A: John Adams, known as Jack Adams (4 July 1767– 5 March 1829), was the last survivor of the Bounty mutineers on Pitcairn Island. He helped Fletcher Christian seize the ship's chest of arms and was among the group who arrested Bligh in his cabin.

Q: What is Rick Springfield?
A: Richard Springthorpe (born August 23, 1949), known better by his stage name Rick Springfield, is an Australian musician and actor. He became charts in mid-1988.

Q: What is Eric Balemans?
A: Eric Balemans (17 November 1961 – 2 July 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy.

Q: What is Bruck an der Leitha District?
A: The Bruck an der Leitha District is a district in the state of Lower Austria in Austria. It has an area of 703&nbsp;km².

Q: What is Daichi Kamada?
A: is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or a forward for Serie A club Lazio and the Japan national team.

Q: What is Secondary suite?
A: An accessory dwelling unit, guest house, inlaw apartment, guest cottage\cabin or granny flat is a house or apartment on the same land lot as a larger, main house. Such units are usually occupied by the owner's immediate family or overnight guests, sometimes, they may be home to domestic servants or non-related tenants in areas where zoning allows it.

Q: What is Elbenschwand?
A: Elbenschwand is a village and a former municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the new municipality of Kleines Wiesental.

Q: What is Mark McGowan?
A: Mark McGowan (born 13 July 1967) is a Western Australian former politician who served as the 30th Premier of Western Australia from 17 March 2017 until 8 June 2023. He is from the Labor Party.

Q: What is Monhoudou?
A: Monhoudou is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Australian Film Institute Awards?
A: The Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts Awards, known as the AACTA Awards, formerly known as Australian Film Institute Awards are the main national movie awards in Australia. It is presented annually by the Australian Film Institute.

Q: What is Alexei Navalny?
A: Alexei Anatolievich Navalny (рус. Алексей Анатольевич Навальный) (4 June 1976 &ndash; 16 February 2024) was a Russian lawyer, politician, and activist.

Q: What is Jörmungandr?
A: Jörmungandr (Old Norse: Jǫrmungandr - "huge monster"), also known as the Midgard Serpent (Old Norse: Miðgarðsormr), is a sea serpent, the middle child of Loki and the giantess Angrboða. According to the Prose Edda, Odin took Loki's three children by Angrboða (the wolf Fenrir, Hel (being) .

Q: What is Economic deficit?
A: Economic deficit is a status of financial health in which expenditures exceed revenue (more money being spent than coming in). The term "budget deficit" is most commonly used to refer to government spending rather than business or individual spending.

Q: What is Don't ask, don't tell?
A: Don't ask, don't tell was a rule of the United States Military. It said that openly homosexual or bisexual people could not serve in the military.

Q: What is Jaime Herrera Beutler?
A: Jaime Herrera Beutler (born November 3, 1978) is an American politician. She is a member of the Republican Party.

Q: What is T-Pain?
A: Faheem Rashad Najm (born September 30, 1984), known professionally as T-Pain, is an American singer, songwriter, musician, arranger, rapper, record producer and actor. His first album, Rappa Ternt Sanga, was released in 2005.

Q: What is Red Red Wine?
A: "Red Red Wine" is a pop ballad. It was originally recorded by Neil Diamond.

Q: What is Calculating Infinity?
A: Calculating Infinity is the first album by The Dillinger Escape Plan. The Dillinger Escape Plan was an American mathcore band.

Q: What is Bourgogne, Marne?
A: Bourgogne is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.

Q: What is National symbols of the State of Palestine?
A: are official and unofficial flags, icons or cultural expressions that are emblematic, representative or otherwise characteristic of Palestine and of its culture.

Q: What is Chromosome?
A: eukaryotic chromosome. (1) Chromatid – one of the two parts of the chromosome after duplication.

Q: What is Fiat G.91?
A: {| |} The Fiat G.91 is a military aircraft designed and built in Italy. It was built for a NATO request as a light fighter jet and training aircraft.

Q: What is Power Rangers Zeo?
A: Power Rangers Zeo is a TV show Power Rangers started in 1996. It is based on the Super Sentai series Chouriki Sentai Ohranger.

Q: What is 2010 Asian Weightlifting Championships?
A: Weightlifting at the 2010 Asian Games was held in Guangzhou, China from November 13 to 19, 2010. There are seven weight categories for the women and eight for the men.

Q: What is Jerry Lewis (California politician)?
A: Charles Jeremy Lewis (October 21, 1934 &ndash; July 15, 2021) was an American politician. He was a U.S.

Q: What is I Should Have Known Better?
A: "I Should Have Known Better" is a 1964 song by The Beatles. It is from their third studio album A Hard Day's Night.

Q: What is Pfettisheim?
A: Pfettisheim is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Q: What is Pontremoli?
A: Pontremoli (; ) is a small city in the province of Massa and Carrara, Tuscany region, central Italy.

Q: What is Tetraphobia?
A: in Shanghai – floor numbers 4, 13 and 14 are missing Tetraphobia is a fear of the number 4. It is a superstition found most often in East Asian areas, for example China, Japan, Korea, and Taiwan.

Q: What is Kaskinen?
A: Kaskinen () is a town in western Ostrobothnia, Finland. There were 1,341 people lived there in January 2014.

Q: What is Michael Ealy?
A: Michael Ealy (born August 3, 1973) is an American actor. His real name is Michael Brown; Ealy is the name he uses for acting.

Q: What is Cuba national futsal team?
A: The Cuba national futsal team represents Cuba in international futsal. They have qualified for the FIFA Futsal World Cup six times and the CONCACAF Futsal Championship.

Q: What is Monticello?
A: Monticello was the home of President Thomas Jefferson. It is near Charlottesville, Virginia.

Q: What is Mahender Singh Tawar?
A: Mahender Singh Tawar (Born 3 June 1988) is an Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer currently serving as the District Magistrate and Collector in Kushinagar district

Q: What is Eggenthal?
A: Eggenthal is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Allgäu region.

Q: What is Miah Madden?
A: Miah Grace Madden (born April 9, 2002) is an Australian actress. She is known for her roles in The Unlisted (2019), the 10 Shake series Dive Club (2021), and the Network 10 and Paramount+ series Paper Dolls (2023).

Q: What is Nelson's Column?
A: Nelson's Column is a national monument of the United Kingdom based in Trafalgar Square, London. The column was built between 1840 and 1843 to commemorate Admiral Horatio Nelson's death at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805.

Q: What is Girl Scouts of the USA?
A: The Girl Scouts of the USA is a not-for-profit organization that is a branch of the Scouting movement, similar to the Boy Scouts of America, except it is for girls. It was founded in 1912 by Juliette Gordon Low and first was called the Girl Guides of America, after the Girl Guides in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Hevrat HaHadashot?
A: Keshet 12 News () is one of the three major brands of Israeli television news programmes. Produced for Keshet 12 by Keshet Media Group subsidiary Israel Television News Company (), HaHadashot 12 ().

Q: What is Sornay, Haute-Saône?
A: Sornay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Q: What is Moose River Plains Wild Forest?
A: The Moose River Plains Wild Forest is a forest in Adirondack Park, which is in the Hamilton and Herkimer counties in the U.S. state of New York.

Q: What is Pennzoil 400 (Las Vegas)?
A: The Pennzoil 400 is a NASCAR Cup Series race. It is held every year at Las Vegas Motor Speedway in Las Vegas, Nevada, it is first of two races on the Cup Schedule.

Q: What is Louis C. Wagner Jr.?
A: General Louis Carson Wagner Jr. (born January 24, 1932) is a retired United States Army four-star general.

Q: What is India Meteorological Department?
A: The India Meteorological Department (IMD), also referred to as the Met Office, is a weather forecasting organization run by the Government of India, it also tracks and forecast tropical cyclones, similar to the National Hurricane Center. The headquarters in New Delhi, India.

Q: What is Puranthaba (Meitei king)?
A: Meidingu Poirei Ningthou Hanba Puranthaba or mononymously Puranthaba was a Meitei king of the Ningthouja dynasty of Medieval Manipur who ruled from 1246 CE to 1262 CE. During his reign, the Chinese invaded the Kangleipak Kingdom but were defeated by the Meiteis.

Q: What is Abu Talib?
A: Abū Ṭālib ibn ‘Abd al-Muṭṭalib (; &ndash;), né ‘Imran ) or ‘Abd Manaf (), was the leader of Banu Hashim, a clan of the Islamic Nabi (, Prophet) Muhammad, and father of the Rashid Caliph ‘Ali, who is also thought as the first Shi'ite Imam. There is a great debate among Muslim scholars on whether Abū Ṭālib died a Muslim or a non-Muslim.

Q: What is Barbara Feldon?
A: Barbara Feldon (born March 12, 1933) is an American character actress who works mostly in the theatre but is primarily known for her roles on television. Her most well-known role was that of Agent 99 on the 1960s sitcom Get Smart.

Q: What is Coos County?
A: Coos County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Coös County, New Hampshire * Coos County, Oregon

Q: What is Deccan Wars?
A: Aurangzeb took southern campaign in 1680 after the death of Shivaji was driven by several key objectives of Neutralizing the threat from his son, Akbar, who had rebelled and sought refuge with Sambhaji, the Maratha king. Absorbing the remaining Deccan Sultanates, specifically the Adilshahi and Qutubshahi kingdoms, into the Mughal Empire, weakening the growing Maratha kingdom, led by Sambhaji.

Q: What is Chalmette, Louisiana?
A: Chalmette is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Q: What is Nischal Basnet?
A: Nischal Basnet (born January 17, 1981) in Kathmandu, Nepal is a Nepali director, producer, actor, dancer and singer of Nepali Film Industry. He rose fame from his first movie Loot which was directed by him in 2012 and breaks all the records of the Nepal

Q: What is The Buccaneers (TV series)?
A: The Buccaneers is a British adventure drama television series. It aired on ITV in the United Kingdom, CBS in the United States.

Q: What is The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air?
A: The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is an American television series. It is a sitcom that aired on NBC from September 10, 1990, to May 20, 1996 for six seasons.

Q: What is Michael Bennet?
A: Michael Farrand Bennet (born November 28, 1964) is an American businessman, lawyer, and Democratic politician. He is the senior United States Senator from Colorado.

Q: What is Cryptosporidium?
A: Cryptosporidium is a protozoan parasite which causes outbreaks of diarrhea. A number of species of Cryptosporidium can infect mammals.

Q: What is Industry Baby?
A: "Industry Baby" is a hip-hop/pop rap song by American rappers Lil Nas X and Jack Harlow. It was released on July 23, 2021.

Q: What is Abdelbaki Hermassi?
A: Abdelbaki Hermassi (; 26 December 1937 – 23 October 2021) was a Tunisian politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tunisia from November 10, 2004 until August 17, 2005.

Q: What is Vion, Sarthe?
A: Vion is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Q: What is Zapata, Texas?
A: Zapata is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4?
A: Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 is a 2002 skateboarding game that was developed by Neversoft, Vicarious Visions, Babaroga and Aspyr Media and was published by Activision. It is the fourth game in the Tony Hawk's series.

Q: What is Guys and Dolls?
A: Guys and Dolls is a 1950 Broadway musical. The music and lyrics were written by Frank Loesser, and the speaking parts were written by Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows.

Q: What is Kingsglaive?
A: Final Fantasy XV: Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV is a 2016 animated fantasy movie based on Final Fantasy XV. It takes place before the events of the game.

Q: What is Faro District?
A: Faro District () is the southernmost district of Portugal. The area is the same as that of the Algarve region.

Q: What is Nursholeh?
A: Nursholeh (22 August 1957 &ndash; 23 August 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was Mayor of Tegal between 2017 and 2019.

Q: What is Peter Murphy (musician)?
A: Peter John Joseph Murphy (born 11 July 1957) is an English singer-songwriter, and musician. He was the vocalist of the goth rock band Bauhaus.

Q: What is Peumerit?
A: Peumerit () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Chris Pincher scandal?
A: , at the centre of the scandal over accusations of sexual harassment The Chris Pincher scandal is a political controversy in the United Kingdom about allegations of sexual harassment by the former Conservative Party Deputy Chief Whip, Chris Pincher. In early July 2022, allegations of Pincher's misconduct came out, including rumors that go back to his appointment as Deputy Chief Whip.

Q: What is Hermin?
A: Hermin is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Danny K. Davis?
A: Daniel K. Davis (born September 6, 1941) is an American politician.

Q: What is Giver (TV series)?
A: Giver is a Canadian children's educational reality television series produced by Sinking Ship Entertainment and produced in association with TVOKids, Qubo, and Knowledge Kids. The series was aired from April 17, 2012 to June 28, 2017.

Q: What is Trabzonspor?
A: football clubs establishments Trabzonspor or TS, is a Turkish football club from Trabzon. Trabzonspor was founded in August 2, 1967.

Q: What is Grand Tour (cycling)?
A: There are three Grand Tour cycling races:- #In Italy, the Giro d'Italia #In France, the Tour de France #In Spain, the Vuelta Ciclista a España This is the order they are raced in each year. All three are in the "ProTour Calendar", that is they are part of the UCI ProTour.

Q: What is Methylallyltryptamine?
A: Methylallyltryptamine (MALT) is a psychedelic drug from the tryptamine family. It is similar to methylpropyltryptamine (MPT).

Q: What is North Hollywood shootout?
A: The North Hollywood shootout was a gunfight that happened on February 28, 1997. Emil Matasareanu (July 19, 1966 - February 28, 1997) and Larry Eugene Phillips Jr.

Q: What is American pygmy shrew?
A: The American pygmy shrew (Sorex hoyi) is a type of shrew. It found in Northern Alaska, Canada, and the Northern United States It is found in northern coniferous and deciduous forests of North America.

Q: What is 2020 United Democratic Party (Belize) leadership election and convention?
A: The 2020 United Democratic Party leadership election and convention elected the leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP). It was triggered on 18 November 2018, when Prime Minister of Belize, Dean Barrow‘s cabinet urged him to remain as Prime Minister of Belize until 2 November 2020, a day after the Next Belizean general election on 1 November 2020.

Q: What is Dickey Betts?
A: Forrest Richard Betts (December 12, 1943 – April 18, 2024) was an American guitarist, singer-songwriter and composer. He was best known as a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band.

Q: What is Side effect (computer science)?
A: A part of a program with a side effect performs a noticeable action other than giving back a value. Examples include showing a picture on a computer screen, or checking what year it is.

Q: What is The Color of Milk?
A: The Color of Milk (also called The Colour of Milk, Neither Naked nor Dressed, or Selma and Andy), original title Ikke naken, is a 2004 Norwegian family movie.

Q: What is Sonmiani?
A: Sonmiani is a coastal town in the southeast of Balochistan province in Pakistan. It is about 45 kilometres northwest of Karachi.

Q: What is Villar Perosa?
A: Villar Perosa is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. of Turin

Q: What is Boss (video gaming)?
A: In video games, a boss is a powerful enemy much more potent than other normal enemies in the game. Usually, a boss is unique, meaning there is only one, but sometimes it must be fought more than once.

Q: What is Three Brave Men?
A: Three Brave Men is a 1956 American drama movie directed by Philip Dunne and starring Ray Milland, Ernest Borgnine, Frank Lovejoy. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Oswaldo Vigas?
A: Oswaldo Vigas (4 August 1926 &ndash; 22 April 2014) was a Venezuelan painter and muralist. His work was in the form of Cubism.

Q: What is George Kinley?
A: George Raymond Kinley (June 4, 1937 – February 23, 2022) was an American politician and businessman. He was born in Akron, Ohio.

Q: What is Kimberley rocket frog?
A: The Kimberley rocket frog (Litoria axillaris) is a frog from Australia. It lives in the Kimberley region in Western Australia.

Q: What is Kew, Victoria?
A: Kew is an inner suburb of Melbourne, Australia, 5&nbsp;km east from Melbourne's Melbourne City Centre

Q: What is Electoral district of South-West Coast?
A: South-West Coast is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002.

Q: What is Peter Gabriel?
A: Peter Brian Gabriel (born 13 February 1950) is an English singer and songwriter. He became famous as the singer and flute player in the progressive rock group Genesis.

Q: What is MADtv?
A: MADtv was a television show that aired on FOX from October 14, 1995 to May 16, 2009. It is a comedic show where they perform sketches, improv and songs.

Q: What is Mongu?
A: Mongu is the capital city of Western Province, Zambia of the Lozi people. It has about 150,000 residents and is home of the Kuombola Ceremony.

Q: What is Chess.com?
A: Chess.com is an internet chess server, where people can go and play chess online. The site is the largest online chess platform in the world.

Q: What is Battle of Starobilsk?
A: The Battle of Starobilsk was a battle that started on 25 February 2022, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Q: What is Wright StreetLite?
A: The Wright StreetLite is a single-decker bus. It has a low-floor.

Q: What is Reginald Scot?
A: Reginald Scot (ca. 1538-1599) was an writer who was born in Kent, England, who studied law and served as a justice of the peace.

Q: What is Villa Gordiani?
A: Villa Gordiani is a park in Rome. Several Roman ruins, some of them still well preserved, are in the park.

Q: What is 2012 Delhi gang rape?
A: The 2012 Delhi gang rape case involved a gang rape and murder that happened on 16 December 2012 in Delhi, India. A 23-year-old female physiotherapy internship

Q: What is Xerophyte?
A: Xerophytes are plants which are adapted to dry/desert areas. They are a type of succulent plant.

Q: What is Overvoltage?
A: An overvoltage is whenever power circuits are raised beyond their desired levels. The conditions of an overvoltage are sometimes hazardous.

Q: What is Mettmann Rural District?
A: Mettmann is a Kreis (district) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. In the district is the valley of the small river Düssel, the Neanderthal, where the fossils of the human species Neanderthals were first found.

Q: What is Glockenspiel?
A: baller The glockenspiel is a percussion instrument. It originated in Germany.

Q: What is Wake Up! (Pope Francis album)?
A: Wake Up! Music Album with His Words and Prayers is a progressive rock album by Pope Francis released on 27 November 2015 on Believe Digital. The album is actually just speeches by Pope Francis recorded in many locations worldwide between 2013 and 2015.

Q: What is Mario Party 6?
A: Mario Party 6 is a party board video game for the Nintendo GameCube. It is the sixth game in the Mario Party series.

Q: What is Joyce–Collingwood station?
A: Joyce–Collingwood is a train station in Vancouver, British Columbia. It is located at 5099 Joyce Street.

Q: What is Barrême?
A: Barrême is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.

Q: What is Lin Sang?
A: Lin Sang is an archer from China. She was born on 17 August 1977.

Q: What is Kiro Gligorov?
A: Kiro Gligorov (, ; May 3, 1917 – January 1, 2012) was the first President of the Republic of Macedonia from 1991 to 1999.

Q: What is St. Thomas Church, Leipzig?
A: The St. Thomas Church () is a Lutheran church in Leipzig.

Q: What is Dave Giusti?
A: David John Giusti, Jr. (born November 27, 1939) is an American former professional baseball player.

Q: What is The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas (movie)?
A: The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a 2008 British-American historical drama movie. It is based on the book of the same name by John Boyne.

Q: What is David Reed (American football)?
A: Brandon David Reed (born March 22, 1987) is an American former professional football wide receiver. He played parts of 4 years in the National Football League (NFL).

Q: What is Arch Linux?
A: Arch Linux (usually just called Arch) is a Linux-based operating system for 64-bit computers. It mostly has free software included with it, and supports community involvement.

Q: What is Dominic DeNucci?
A: Dominic Nucciarone (23 January 1932 – 12 August 2021) was an Italian-American professional wrestler and trainer. He was known under his ring name of Dominic DeNucci.

Q: What is Hitler Youth?
A: The Hitler Youth (Hitlerjugend) was the youth organization of the Nazi Party in Nazi Germany. At first membership was voluntary, but after December 1936 all non-Jewish boys in Germany aged 10-18 were required to join.

Q: What is Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins?
A: Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins is a franchise. It's on Cartoon Network.

Q: What is Rude Removal?
A: "Rude Removal" is an episode of Dexter's Laboratory that was supposed to air on 1998 but didn't air because of the swearing used in the episode. It later aired on Adult Swim in 2013, although censored.

Q: What is Martin Garrix?
A: Martijn Garritsen (born 14 May 1996), commonly known by his stage name Martin Garrix, is a Dutch DJ, musician, and producer. He is best known for the track "Animals" which went straight to the UK Singles Chart in 2013.

Q: What is Doug Crossman?
A: Doug A. Crossman (born June 13, 1960 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman.

Q: What is George Marshall?
A: George Catlett Marshall (December 31, 1880 – October 16, 1959) was an American military leader. He was Chief of Staff of the U.S.

Q: What is Le Locle?
A: Le Locle is a municipality of the district of Le Locle in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. It is in the Jura Mountains, a few kilometers from the city of La Chaux-de-Fonds.

Q: What is Oleksiy Skrypnyk?
A: Oleksiy Oleksiyovych Skrypnyk (, 8 March 1964 – 23 February 2022) was a Ukrainian politician and businessman. He was a member of the Self Reliance party.

Q: What is Xolo Maridueña?
A: Romário Xolo Maridueña (; born June 9, 2001) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Miguel Diaz in the Netflix series Cobra Kai, and as Victor Graham in the TV series Parenthood.

Q: What is Petr Pavel?
A: Petr Pavel (; born 1 November 1961) is a Czech politician and former army general who has been the 4th President of the Czech Republic since 2023. He was Chairman of the NATO Military Committee from 2015 to 2018.

Q: What is Elspeth Howe?
A: Elspeth Howe, Baroness Howe of Idlicote, (born Elspeth Rosamund Morton Shand; 8 February 1932 &ndash; 22 March 2022) was a British life peer. She was the widow of Geoffrey Howe.

Q: What is Jyoti Bhatt?
A: Jyotindra Manshankar Bhatt (born 12 March 1934), better known as Jyoti Bhatt, is an Indian artist. He is best known for his work in painting and printmaking and also his photographic documentation of rural Indian culture.

Q: What is Elgin County?
A: Elgin County is a county in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. In 2021, it had a population of 51,912.

Q: What is Alyssa Healy?
A: Alyssa Jean Healy is a cricketer from the Australia. She plays for the Australian women's national team and for the team New South Wales.

Q: What is Shane Johnson?
A: Shane Johnson (born January 1, 1974 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a retired Canadian-born British ice hockey defenceman.

Q: What is 2022 Florida's 20th congressional district special election?
A: The 2022 Florida's 20th congressional district special election was a special election to the United States House of Representatives. The seat was left vacant since Democratic U.S.

Q: What is Trampoline?
A: bouncing on a trampolineA trampoline is a recreational or competitive device designed for users, primarily kids to bounce on. It normally consists of a metal frame (rectangular or circular in shape) supporting a flat jumping surface connected to the frame by springs.

Q: What is Hostages (American TV series)?
A: Hostages is an American drama television series that aired on CBS from 2013-2014. American drama television series American television series debuts American television series endings drama television series English-language television shows network shows

Q: What is Kansas Department of Transportation?
A: The Kansas Department of Transportation (KDOT) is a state government organization. It maintains public roads, streets, highways, and railroads in the U.S.

Q: What is Rastatt?
A: Rastatt is a town in the district of Rastatt in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is about southwest of Karlsruhe.

Q: What is Reijo Taipale?
A: Reijo Toivo Taipale (9 March 1940 – 26 April 2019) was a Finnish pop singer. He performed mostly Schlager music, tango and ballads.

Q: What is Olympic rings?
A: The Olympic rings are the official symbol of the Olympic Games. The design was created by Baron Pierre de Coubertin in 1913.

Q: What is Empower Field at Mile High?
A: Empower Field at Mile High is an American football stadium located in Denver, Colorado that serves as the home for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). The Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer (MLS) also played in the stadium from 2002 until moving to a new stadium in 2006.

Q: What is Manticore?
A: Manticores (from Greek martikhoras, meaning man-eater) were creatures in Greek mythology. They had the body of a lion, a human head, and three rows of teeth similar to sharks.

Q: What is Kiefer Sutherland?
A: Kiefer William Sutherland (born December 21, 1966) is a Canadian actor and Designated Survivor. He was born in London, England in 1966 to Canadian actor Donald Sutherland and his wife Shirley Douglas, an actress and daughter of Canadian statesman Tommy Douglas.

Q: What is Matters of the Heart (1973 movie)?
A: Matters of the Heart () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Azhdar Ibragimov. It stars Antonina Shuranova, Ekaterina Markova, and Anatoliy Papanov.

Q: What is Webcam?
A: A webcam is a video camera that connects to a computer, and can let people see each other over the Internet. Most people that have webcams use them with an instant messenger to see each other at the same time.

Q: What is Positions (song)?
A: "Positions" (stylized in as "positions") is a song by Ariana Grande from her album Positions (album). It was released on October 23, 2020, by Republic Records.

Q: What is Gulf of Salerno?
A: The Gulf of Salerno is a gulf of the Tyrrhenian Sea in the coast of the province of Salerno in south-western Italy. The northern part of this coast is the Costiera Amalfitana.

Q: What is Down to the Waterline?
A: "Down to the Waterline" is a 1978 song by British rock band Dire Straits and is the opening track from their 1978 self-titled debut studio album. It is the B-side to the single Water of Love.

Q: What is St. Stephan's Cathedral, Passau?
A: :St. Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna is also called Stephansdom St.

Q: What is Genetic counselling?
A: Genetic counselling, or counseling, is how clients are advised about genetic disorders. Genetic disorders, by definition, can be passed on in heredity.

Q: What is Cust, New Zealand?
A: Cust is a rural village in the Waimakariri District, New Zealand. It was named after Sir Edward Cust.

Q: What is Herb Trimpe?
A: Herbert W. "Herb" Trimpe (May 26, 1939 – April 13, 2015) was an American comic book artist and occasional writer.

Q: What is John Solomon (rugby union)?
A: Herbert John Solomon (15 October 1929 – 18 March 2020) was an Australian rugby union player. He played for the Wallabies, Australia's national team, in 14 Test matches between 1949 and 1955.

Q: What is Cogolin?
A: Cogolin is a commune of 11,556 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Q: What is Martial arts?
A: A martial art is any form of fighting and an art that has a set way of practice. There are many martial arts that come from certain countries.

Q: What is Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables?
A: Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables is the first studio album by American hardcore punk band, Dead Kennedys. Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables was released on September 2, 1980.

Q: What is Naraha, Fukushima?
A: is a town in Fukushima, Japan. It is in the Futaba District and is close to Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.

Q: What is Cataphile?
A: A cataphile, also known as an urban explorer or "kata", is a person who illegally explores the catacombs underneath Paris, France. The catacombs go on for approximately 186 miles.

Q: What is Bestseller?
A: A bestseller is a book or other media that is known for their top selling status, meaning they sold many copies. They are often seen on bestselling lists by newspapers, magazines, and bookstore chains.

Q: What is The Queen of Spades (1960 movie)?
A: The Queen of Spades () is a 1960 Russian drama movie directed by Roman Tikhomirov and is the fifth adaption of the 1834 short story of the same name by Alexander Puskin. It stars Olga Krasina, Oleg Strizhenov, Yelena Polevitskaya, Vadim Medvedev, Andrei Olevanov.

Q: What is Saint-Thomas-en-Argonne?
A: Saint-Thomas-en-Argonne is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.

Q: What is Duchy of Franconia?
A: /Lotharingia following the Treaty of Verdun The Duchy of Franconia () was one of the five duchies of East Francia. It existed from 882–1125.

Q: What is Margaret Anstee?
A: Margaret Anstee (June 26, 1926 - August 25, 2016) was a British people| United Nations Association - UK] , accessdate: August 27, 2016

Q: What is Zenobia (plant)?
A: Zenobia is a genus of small shrubs in the family Ericaceae. There is only one species in this genus — Zenobia pulverulenta from bogs of south-east of USA.

Q: What is Kings City?
A: Kings City was an amusement park in Eilat, Israel. It is located in the hotels area of the city.

Q: What is Abhijeet Bhattacharya?
A: Abhijeet Bhattacharya (born 30 October 1958) is an Indian singer. He has won a Filmfare Award for the song "Main Koi Aisa Geet Gaaon" from Yes Boss in 1997.

Q: What is Denazé?
A: Denazé is a commune of 148 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Paul Langevin?
A: Paul Langevin (23 January 1872 – 19 December 1946) was a French physicist who was active at the beginning of the 20th century. He invented sonar and worked with Albert Einstein.

Q: What is Merve Kavakçı?
A: Merve Safa Kavakçı (born 19 August 1968, Ankara) is Turkish politician, who was elected as a [https://www.turkeytrips.org Virtue Party] deputy for Istanbul on April 18, 1999.

Q: What is Flood control?
A: Flood control is a term to refer to measures that protect settlements, people and property against flooding. Such measures include building dams, levees and weirs.

Q: What is Oscar II?
A: Oscar II (21 January 1829 – 8 December 1907), baptised Oscar Fredrik, was King of Sweden from 1872 until his death and King of Norway from 1872 until 1905. The third son of King Oscar I of Sweden and Josephine of Leuchtenberg, he was a descendant of Gustav I of Sweden through his mother.

Q: What is Roquefort-de-Sault?
A: :For other uses, see Roquefort (disambiguation) Roquefort-de-Sault is a commune of 113 people (1999). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Q: What is Secretary of State for Scotland?
A: The Secretary of State for Scotland is the main minister responsible for Scotland in the Government of the United Kingdom. They sit in Cabinet and run the Scotland Office.

Q: What is Elections in North Korea?
A: poster in Pyongyang with the slogan "Let's all vote in agreement!" ("모두다 찬성투표하자!") Elections are held in North Korea. People can elect the representatives of their government, as well as the members of city councils, mayors and governors.

Q: What is Christina Schwab?
A: Christina Schwab (née Ripp) (born July 31, 1980) is an American wheelchair basketball player. She won a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, 2008 Summer Paralympics, and 2016 Summer Paralympics.

Q: What is Rosetta Gagliardi?
A: Rosetta Gagliardi (born 9 February 1895 Milan – 31 July 1975) was an Italian tennis player. She played at the 1920 Summer Olympics and 1924 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Old Major (Animal Farm)?
A: Old Major is a character in the book Animal Farm. He is an award winning elderly Middle White boar.

Q: What is Winona LaDuke?
A: Winona LaDuke (born August 18, 1959) is an environmentalist, economist and writer who supports Native American rights. In addition, LaDuke believes in not damaging nature.

Q: What is The Litterbug?
A: The Litterbug is a 1961 animated short subject produced by Walt Disney Productions and featuring Donald Duck. It was the last Donald Duck short produced.

Q: What is Wayne Morris (American actor)?
A: Wayne Morris (February 17, 1914 – September 14, 1959), born Bert DeWayne Morris was an American actor. He was known for his roles in Paths of Glory, The Bushwackers, Kid Galahad, Brother Rat, and its sequel Brother Rat and a Baby.

Q: What is Saint-Seurin-de-Cadourne?
A: Saint-Seurin-de-Cadourne is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Santiago de Compostela?
A: Santiago de Compostela (also Saint James of Compostela) is the capital of the autonomous community of Galicia. It is a United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Site.

Q: What is Rosa Taikon?
A: Rosa Taikon (30 July 1926 &ndash; 1 June 2017) was a Swedish Romani silversmith and actor. Taikon was born in Kalderash, Sweden.

Q: What is Cruelty?
A: Cruelty is pleasure in causing suffering to other living things or even themselves. Sadism can also be related to this as it means someone really enjoying this.

Q: What is SpySheriff?
A: SpySheriff, also known as Brave Sentry, SpyAxe, SpywareSheriff, Pest Trap, SpyTrooper, Spywareno, and MalwareAlarm, is malware that pretends to be real anti-spyware program. SpySheriff tries to trick the user into buying the program by making false warnings and alerts.

Q: What is Coco Lee?
A: Coco Lee (; born Ferren Lee, 17 January 1975 – 5 July 2023) was a Hong Kong-born American singer and songwriter. Her real name is Ferren Lee-Kelly and 李美林 Lǐ Měi Lín in Chinese (although she also used the stage name 李玟 Lǐ Wen when she wrote songs).

Q: What is Eye contact?
A: , France, November 1940. Eye contact occurs when "two people look at each other's eyes at the same time".

Q: What is Ksenia Khairova?
A: Ksenia Leonidovna Khairova (, born Talyzina (); March 29, 1969) is a Soviet and Russian stage and movie actress.

Q: What is Spokesperson?
A: answering questions at the Washington Foreign Press Center. A spokesman (spokesperson or spokeswoman), or spokesmodel is a person who speaks on behalf of others, but is understood not to be necessarily part of the others (e.g.

Q: What is Heart-lung transplant?
A: A heart-lung transplant is a type of surgery to help people who have very sick hearts and lungs. In this surgery, the patient's own heart and lungs are taken out and replaced by healthy organs.

Q: What is Tesla (unit)?
A: The tesla (symbol T) is the SI unit used to measure the strength of magnetic fields. Tesla can be measured in different ways; for example, one tesla is equal to one weber per square meter.

Q: What is Domenico Sarro?
A: Domenico Natale Sarro, also called Domenico Sarri, (24 December 1679 – 25 January 1744) was a composer from Italy. He composed 18 operas.

Q: What is Carmen Osbahr?
A: Carmen Osbahr-Vertiz (born April 21, 1962) is a Mexican-born American puppeteer, singer and voice actress who has performed Rosita in the popular hit children's series Sesame Street, since 1991. Osbahr has also performed Kiki Flores in The Puzzle Place and Lily in Johnny and the Sprites.

Q: What is Canettemont?
A: Canettemont is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Bass drum?
A: A bass drum is a type of musical instrument called a drum. It is a large drum, makes low sounds, and is frequently used in the common drum kit.

Q: What is Abakan?
A: Abakan (; Khakas: or ) is the capital city of the Republic of Khakassia, Russia. As of the 2021 census, 189,963 people lived there.

Q: What is Take-Two Interactive?
A: Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. is an American video game company located in New York City.

Q: What is Phyllomedusa camba?
A: The black-eyed monkey frog (Phyllomedusa camba) is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, and Brazil. Scientists have seen it up in the mountains, between 280 and 1000 meters above sea level.

Q: What is Cauville?
A: Cauville is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Thomas G. Kelley?
A: Thomas Gunning Kelley (born May 13, 1939) is an American veteran and retired captain in the United States Navy. He was honored with the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Vietnam War.

Q: What is Bagnères-de-Bigorre?
A: Bagnères-de-Bigorre () is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department, of which it is a subprefecture, in the Occitanie region, southwestern France.

Q: What is Centre for Cities?
A: The Centre for Cities is a non-partisan urban policy research unit in London, United Kingdom. The organization was established in 2005 as a part of the Institute for Public Policy Research.

Q: What is Mill Green?
A: Mill Green is a hamlet in Edwardstone, Babergh, Suffolk, England. It is Edwardstone's main settlement.

Q: What is Drover (company)?
A: Drover is a London based company that provides vehicle subscriptions Users pay a fee for the right to use a car with insurance, maintenance, tax, MOT and breakdown coverage. The can change vehicles during the subscription or to cancel their subscriptions.

Q: What is José Freire Falcão?
A: José Freire Falcão (; 23 October 1925 &ndash; 26 September 2021) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic cardinal. He was the Archbishop of Brasília.

Q: What is Eduardo Bolsonaro?
A: Eduardo Nantes Bolsonaro (born July 10, 1984) is a Brazilian federal police officer and politician, Son of the former President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, he has been a federal deputy for the state of São Paulo since 2015. In 2018, he was re-elected federal deputy, with 1 843 735 votes, being the most voted in the country's history.

Q: What is Bortigali?
A: Bortigali (Bortigàle) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,341 people lived there.

Q: What is Arctic Council?
A: The Arctic Council is a high-level forum between governments. It addresses issues faced by the Arctic governments and the indigenous people of the Arctic.

Q: What is Mike Sandlock?
A: Michael Joseph Sandlock (October 17, 1915 &ndash; April 4, 2016) was a former utility player in Major League Baseball who played for three different teams from 1942 to 1953. Listed at , 180&nbsp;lb., he was a switch-hitter and threw right-handed.

Q: What is Powderfinger?
A: Powderfinger were a rock band from Brisbane, Australia. The band started in 1989.

Q: What is Declan Rice?
A: Declan Rice (born 14 January 1999) is an English football player. He plays as a defensive midfielder for Arsenal and the England national team.

Q: What is Finnish Kale?
A: The Finnish Kale are a group of the Romani people who live primarily in Finland and Sweden. Their main languages are Finnish, Swedish and Finnish Romani.

Q: What is Speightstown?
A: Speighstown is a small town in the parish of Saint Peter in Barbados and the country’s second most populous town. of Barbados

Q: What is Training camp?
A: A training camp is a place where soldiers or sports players go to learn skills. Often, they go there to learn physical action, rather than book subjects they would learn at a school.

Q: What is Rebreuviette?
A: Rebreuviette is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is National anthem?
A: A national anthem is a country's official national song that the people use to remember and respect their country. By the 18th century most countries had a national anthem and new countries chose a national anthem when they became independent.

Q: What is Aether?
A: Aether was the God of light in Greek mythology. He was the son of Erebus and Nyx.

Q: What is Red Skies of Montana?
A: Red Skies of Montana is a 1952 American adventure drama movie. It was directed by Joseph M.

Q: What is Orcutt, California?
A: Orcutt is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Barbara County, California, United States. places in Santa Barbara County, California

Q: What is Genpuku?
A: Genpuku is a Japanese coming-of-age ceremony. It dates back to classical Japanese period named Nara period

Q: What is Where Is the Friend's Home??
A: Where Is the Friend's Home? (, Khane-ye doust kodjast) is a 1987 Iranian movie. This movie directed and written by Iranian director Abbas Kiarostami.

Q: What is AFC U-20 Women's Asian Cup?
A: The AFC U-20 Women's Asian Cup is an association football tournament for women's national teams under the age of 20, organized by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). It is organised by the Asian Football Confederation every two years, and serves as a qualifying competition for the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.

Q: What is Can You Teach My Alligator Manners??
A: Can You Teach My Alligator Manners? is an American TV series for children. It's on Disney Channel.

Q: What is Maupin, Oregon?
A: Maupin is a city in Wasco County, Oregon, United States. It was incorporated in 1922.

Q: What is Lavaca, Arkansas?
A: Lavaca is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Sebastian County.

Q: What is We Have Survived?
A: "We Have Survived" is a song by the Australian band No Fixed Address. It was written by Bart Willoughby when he was 18.

Q: What is Armistice of Mudros?
A: Armistice of Mudros was an armistice between Entente signed on 30 October 1918 in the warship HMS Agamemnon (1906)

Q: What is Banjul?
A: Banjul (formerly Bathurst) is the capital city of the Gambia. About 31,000 people live in the city.

Q: What is Leivonmäki?
A: Leivonmäki is a former municipality in Central Finland. As of 31 December 2007, 1,135 people lived there.

Q: What is Eurovision Song Contest 1993?
A: The Eurovision Song Contest 1993 was the 38th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. It was held in Millstreet, Ireland after their win in the previous contest.

Q: What is Dave Pollock?
A: David Lloyd Pollock (born 17 November 1942) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the Country Liberal Party.

Q: What is Lily Serna?
A: Lily Serna (born 5 July 1986) is an Australian mathematician and television presenter. She is best known for co-presenting the SBS game show Letters and Numbers from 2010 until 2012 and the cooking show Destination Flavour since later 2012.

Q: What is Lungi Ngidi?
A: Lungisani True-man Ngidi is a professional cricketer from South Africa. He plays for the national cricket team.

Q: What is Air Nostrum?
A: Air Nostrum (trading as Iberia Regional) is a regional airline based in Spain. It is not actually owned by Iberia however it works in very close partnership with them.

Q: What is Westerly, Rhode Island?
A: Westerly is a town in southwestern Rhode Island, near the state line of Connecticut. The town was established in 1669.

Q: What is Germ theory of disease?
A: The Germ theory of disease is a theory in biology. It says that small organisms (called germs), also known as microbes, cause some diseases.

Q: What is Samsung Galaxy Tab S4?
A: Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 is a tablet computer developed by Samsung. It was announced on August 1, 2018.

Q: What is Patriarch Pavle I?
A: Patriarch Pavle and Patriarch Pavle I may refer to: * Pavle of Smederevo, Archbishop of Peć and self-proclaimed Serbian Patriarch c. 1527 – 1541 * Pavle, Serbian Patriarch, Archbishop of Peć and Serbian Patriarch from 1990 to 2009

Q: What is Ahmed Laraki?
A: Ahmed Moulay Laraki (born 15 October 1931) is a Moroccan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Morocco between October 6, 1969, and August 6, 1971.

Q: What is UTC+04?
A: 00: UTC+04:00 makes clocks 4 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time. These are the places who are on the UTC−04:00 time zone.

Q: What is Hernán Legizamón?
A: Hernán Dario Legizamón is an rower from Argentina. Legizamón competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Defying Gravity (Keith Urban album)?
A: Defying Gravity is the fifth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on March 31, 2009.

Q: What is Hurricane Neddy?
A: "Hurricane Neddy" is the eighth episode of The Simpsons 8th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on December 29, 1996.

Q: What is Winsum?
A: Winsum is a former municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Het Hogeland and has also been part of the new municipality of Westerkwartier.

Q: What is Jacques Secrétin?
A: Jacques Secrétin (18 March 1949 – 25 November 2020) was a French international table tennis player. He was selected for the French national team at the age of 13.

Q: What is Brandon, Saône-et-Loire?
A: Brandon is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.

Q: What is Lainingthou Sanamahi Temple Act 1976?
A: The Lainingthou Sanamahi Temple Act 1976 is an act passed by the Government of Manipur, for the protection of the Lainingthou Sanamahi Temple of Imphal, Manipur, India. It acts to make provisions for the maintenance and better administration of the temple of Lainingthou Sanamahi at Imphal and its endowments and for matters connected there with.

Q: What is Taricha?
A: Taricha is a genus of newts. There are only three species and four subspecies.

Q: What is Rüfüs Du Sol?
A: Rüfüs Du Sol is a electronic music group from Sydney, Australia. The bands members are Tyrone Lindquist, John George and James Hunt.

Q: What is Tomomi Kahala?
A: Tomomi Kahala, sometimes spelled Kahara ( Kahara Tomomi born August 17, 1974 in Tokyo) is a Japanese female singer. Her nickname is "Tomochan", and special skill is Horse riding.

Q: What is Sengaku?
A: Sengaku is known as Buddhist monk of the Tendai school, scholar, editor and a literary critic from Japan. He was born in 1203 and died in 1273.

Q: What is Jamir Garcia?
A: Vladimir S. "Jamir" Garcia (5 September 1978 – 26 November 2020) was a Filipino alternative metal singer-songwriter.

Q: What is FAQ?
A: FAQ is an abbreviation for "Frequently Asked Question(s)". The term is used for a list of questions and answers.

Q: What is Jimmy Carter Library and Museum?
A: The Jimmy Carter Library and Museum is the presidential library to honor and remember President of the United States Jimmy Carter. The library was started in 1986.

Q: What is Meet the Grahams?
A: Meet the Grahams (written in all lowercase) is a Diss song by Kendrick Lamar responding to Canadian rapper Drake in his Diss Track Family Matters. songs Lamar songs tracks

Q: What is Field army?
A: A field army or numbered army is a military formation. It is made up of two or more corps.

Q: What is Beussent?
A: Beussent is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Afro-Haitians?
A: Afro-Haitians or Black Haitians, are Haitian people whose ancestors were Africans. Most Afro-Haitians are descended from West African slaves.

Q: What is Nico di Angelo?
A: Niccolò 'Nico' di Angelo is a demigod in Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson & The Olympians, The Heroes of Olympus series and The Trials of Apollo, also starring in The Nico di Angelo Adventures series featuring: The Sun and The Star: A Nico Di Angelo Adventure, and The Court of the Dead: A Nico Di Angelo Adventure. In the series, he is the demigod son of Hades and mortal Maria di Angelo.

Q: What is Rivers of Babylon (movie)?
A: Rivers of Babylon is a 1998 Slovak Czech comedy movie directed by Vlado Balco and was based on the 1991 novel of the same name by Peter Pišťanek. It stars Andrej Hryc, Vladimír Hajdu, Diana Mórová, Barbora Kodetová, Miro Noga.

Q: What is English Civil War?
A: The English Civil War happened in the mid-17th century. A civil war is a war in which the sides involved in the fighting are from the same country.

Q: What is Tim Scott?
A: Timothy Eugene Scott (born September 19, 1965) is an American politician. On January 3, 2013, he became the junior U.S.

Q: What is Bill Foulkes?
A: Bill Foulkes (5 January 1932 – 25 November 2013) was an English footballer-turned-manager. He played for England national team.

Q: What is Electronic trading platform?
A: Electronic trading platform is a part of a computer program that allows people to place orders for financial products using the Internet. These products include stocks, bonds, currencies, commodities and Derivative (finance)

Q: What is Park Ji-sun?
A: Park Ji-sun (; November 3, 1984 – November 2, 2020) was a South Korean comedian and actress. She was born in Incheon, South Korea.

Q: What is Semi-presidential system?
A: A semi-presidential system is a type of government. It combines parts of a presidential system and parliamentary system.

Q: What is Abbey (name)?
A: The name Abbey [ ab-ee ] has become more popular recently and can be used for both boys and girls. It is a short form of Abigail, a Hebrew name that means "my father's joy." However, Abbey also has its own unique meaning and history.

Q: What is Stephen R. Reed?
A: Stephen Russell Reed (August 9, 1949 – January 25, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. He was the longest-serving List of mayors of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania Reed died in Harrisburg on January 25, 2020 of prostate cancer at the age of 70.

Q: What is Ramses I?
A: Ramses I (răm'ses), Rameses I, or Ramesses I (both: răm'əsēz') was an Ancient Egyptian Pharaoh, or ruler. He reigned after Horemheb, the true founder of the XIX dynasty.

Q: What is Emma Atkins?
A: Emma Jayne Atkins (born 31 March 1975) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Charity Dingle in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale (2000–2005, 2009–present).

Q: What is Hitoshi Kikawada?
A: is a Japanese Liberal Democratic politician. He has been a member of the House of Representatives since 2012.

Q: What is Shams-ud-din Iltutmish?
A: Shams-ud-din Iltutmish (died 1236) was the third Muslim sultan of the Delhi Sultanate who reigned from 1211 till his death in 1236. He was the third ruler of the Mamluk dynasty (or Slave dynasty).

Q: What is Wherstead?
A: Wherstead is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 342 people living in Wherstead.

Q: What is Roodepoort?
A: Roodepoort is a city in the Gauteng province of South Africa. In 2011, 326,416 people lived there.

Q: What is List of retired Pacific hurricane names?
A: This is a list of retired Pacific hurricane names. Pacific hurricane names only get retired if and when they are notable enough by causing a lot of damage or killing many people.

Q: What is Swara Bhaskar?
A: Swara Bhaskar Chitrapu () is an Indian actress who works in the Hindi film industry. She is best known for her supporting work in mainstream productions and starring roles in independent films.

Q: What is Alan Parker?
A: Sir Alan William Parker, (14 February 1944 &ndash; 31 July 2020) was a British movie director from Islington, London. One of his best known movies is Bugsy Malone (1975).

Q: What is CHERUB?
A: CHERUB is a series of young adult spy books. It is written by English author Robert Muchamore.

Q: What is Jan Vlieg?
A: Jan Vlieg (born 1 February 1950) is a former Dutch table tennis player, head coach and president of the Dutch national table tennis federation (nl) (NTTB). His brother Anne Vlieg is also a former table tennis player and national head coach.

Q: What is 2018 FIFA World Cup disciplinary record?
A: In the 2018 FIFA World Cup, which is taking place in Russia from 14 June to 15 July 2018, the main disciplinary actions taken against players come in the form of Penalty card

Q: What is Tubilandu Ndimbi?
A: Albert Tubilandu Ndimbi (15 March 1948 – 17 June 2021) was a Congolese football goalkeeper. He played for Zaire in the 1974 FIFA World Cup.

Q: What is Kingston, Tennessee?
A: Kingston is a city in and the county seat of Roane County, Tennessee, United States. This city is thirty-six miles southwest of Knoxville.

Q: What is Guerrilla warfare?
A: invasion in 1808, when the word "guerrilla" was first used in warfare. Guerrilla warfare is a war tactic in which small groups of people () fight against an organized army.

Q: What is Óscar Chávez?
A: Óscar Chávez (20 March 1935 – 30 April 2020) was a Mexican singer-songwriter and actor. He was born in Mexico City.

Q: What is Hunga Tonga?
A: Hunga Tonga–Hunga Haapai is a volcanic island in Tonga. It is about south of the submarine volcano of Fonuafoou and north of Tongatapu, the country's main island The volcano is part of the highly active Tonga–Kermadec Islands volcanic arc.

Q: What is Una Stubbs?
A: Una Stubbs (1 May 1937 – 12 August 2021) was an English actress, television personality and dancer. She played Rita Rawlins in the BBC sitcoms Till Death Us Do Part and In Sickness and in Health.

Q: What is Flagellate?
A: 's Artforms of Nature, 1904 Flagellates are cells with one or more whip-like organelles called flagella. Some cells in animals may be flagellate, for instance the spermatozoa of most phyla.

Q: What is Carucedo?
A: Carucedo is a municipality in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2010 census (INE), 642 people lived there.

Q: What is Andrews, Texas?
A: Andrews is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Granville, Manche?
A: Granville (; Norman: Graunville) is a commune in the Manche department and region of Normandy in north-western France. The town is populated by 13,021 people, who are called Granvillais.

Q: What is Co-cathedral of Santa María de la Fuente la Mayor?
A: The Co-cathedral of Santa María de la Fuente la Mayor () is a co-cathedral in Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha

Q: What is Moresnet?
A: Moresnet or Neutral Moresnet () was a very small territory that existed from 1816 to 1919. It had a size of 3.5&nbsp;km².

Q: What is María Elena Chapa?
A: María Elena Chapa Hernández (19 April 1944 – 9 August 2021) was a Mexican politician and women's rights activist. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1988 until 1991 and again from 2000 until 2003.

Q: What is Márton Erdős?
A: Márton Erdős was a wrestler from Hungary. Erdős competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Moment magnitude scale?
A: The moment magnitude scale is a way to measure the power of earthquakes. It is the energy of the earthquake at the moment it happens.

Q: What is John G. Thompson?
A: John Griggs Thompson (born October 13, 1932) is an American mathematician. He works at the University of Florida.

Q: What is 1980 Atlantic hurricane season?
A: The 1980 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1980, and ended on November 30, 1980. This season had about average activity with 15 storms, of which 11 got named.

Q: What is Vincent Scully?
A: hands over the 2005 Scully Prize to Prince Charles (left) Vincent Joseph Scully Jr. (August 21, 1920 – November 30, 2017) was an American art historian.

Q: What is Consistency proof?
A: In mathematics, a theory is called consistent, if does not contain any contradictions. In the context of predicate logic it is impossible to deduce both \varphi as well as \neg \varphi from \Phi

Q: What is Rutherford model?
A: The Rutherford model is a model by Ernest Rutherford. It was created with the help of a experiment that used gold foil to direct alpha (∝)particles.

Q: What is Work?
A: Work can mean different things depending on how the word is used. * Employment * Labour (economics) * Work (physics), something that happens when a force is applied to an object and a resulting movement takes place English 850 words

Q: What is Milton Viorst?
A: Milton Viorst (February 18, 1930 December 9, 2022) is an American journalist. He was born New Jersey.

Q: What is Charles Samuel Braude?
A: Charles Samuel Braude () was a Norwegian-born Jewish boxer and Holocaust survivor. He was a boxer for ['the workers sports association'] Arbeidernes Idrettsforbund and became [a] Norwegian champion in 1934 and 1939.

Q: What is Michael Mastro?
A: Michael (Mike) R. Mastro (born June 1, 1925), is a former American real estate developer.

Q: What is Amfissa?
A: Amfissa is a Greek city. It is in the center of Greece, at the foot of Parnassos mountain.

Q: What is Paul van Gelder?
A: Harald Paul van Gelder who worked under the name Harkie or Harky (5 April 1947 – 2 December 2024) was a Dutch discjockey. His career began in 1963 as a lyricist for among others Mies Bouwman.

Q: What is Ntozake Shange?
A: Ntozake Shange ( ; October 18, 1948 – October 27, 2018) was an American playwright and poet. She wrote about race and Black power in much of her work.

Q: What is Corporate title?
A: Publicly and privately held for-profit corporations give corporate titles or business titles to company officials to identify their job. Many colleges and universities also use corporate titles.

Q: What is Campagne-lès-Boulonnais?
A: Campagne-lès-Boulonnais is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Marc Dutroux?
A: Marc Dutroux (born 6 November 1956 in Ixelles / Elsene) is a Belgian criminal. He has been convicted because he kidnapped and tortured six girls, between eight and 19 years old.

Q: What is 3000 (number)?
A: 3000 (three thousand) is the natural number following 2999 and preceding 3001. It is also an even composite number, and it has only has one significant number (3).

Q: What is One Crimson Night?
A: One Crimson Night is a two-disc live album and DVD by Swedish power metal band HammerFall. The album was recorded during a concert at Lisebergshallen, Sweden.

Q: What is King in Prussia?
A: King in Prussia was the title used by the rulers of Prussia from 1702 to 1772. The rulers, who were also Princes and Margraves of Brandenberg wanted to be Kings, but knew that the Holy Roman Emperor would not allow them the title.

Q: What is Parcel?
A: Parcel can mean several things: * A mailable or shippable box. * In real estate parcel is a unit of land under declared ownership (with or without buildings).

Q: What is Sveriges Radio?
A: in 1937. Sveriges Radio is the government-operated radio station in Sweden.

Q: What is Champagne, Switzerland?
A: Champagne is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. in Jura-Nord vaudois

Q: What is Gandaki Zone?
A: Gandaki zone (), was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal. It was located in the Western Development Region.

Q: What is Enchastrayes?
A: Enchastrayes is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France. The Enciastraia mountain is in the commune.

Q: What is Daybreak (2010 TV programme)?
A: Daybreak was a British breakfast television program that aired on ITV from 6 September 2010 to 25 April 2014.

Q: What is Hangu?
A: Hangu can be any of the following: *Hangu, Romania, a village in Neamţ county, Romania *Hangu (Pakistan), town in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan *Hangu District (Pakistan), district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan *Miranzai Valley, also Hangu, in Pakistan *Hangu Pass, pass in China *Hangu District, Tianjin, district in Tianjin, China *Hangu Korean writing system

Q: What is John Byron (died 1567)?
A: Sir John Byron MP (1488–1567) was an English nobleman, politician, and knight of the Tudor era, He was Member of Parliament for Nottinghamshire in 1529. He was the son and heir of Sir Nicolas Byron, who was knighted by Prince Arthur in 1502.

Q: What is Edward Williams?
A: Edward Williams, known as his bardic name Iolo Morganwg (10 March 1747 – 18 December 1826), was an influential Welsh poet, antiquarian, and Literature

Q: What is Rye Brook, New York?
A: Rye Brook is a village in Westchester County, New York, United States, within the town of Rye. The population was 10,047 at the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Bobby Matitahatiwen?
A: Bobby Matitahatiwen, also written as Bobbie Matitahatiwen or Bob Matitahatiwen (18 June 1959 – 5 January 2025) was a Netherlands

Q: What is Halldór Laxness?
A: Halldór Kiljan Laxness (; born Halldór Guðjónsson; 23 April 1902 – 8 February 1998) was an Icelandic writer. He won the 1955 Nobel Prize in Literature.

Q: What is Byzantine Empire under the Angelos dynasty?
A: The Byzantine Empire was ruled by people from the Angelos dynasty from 1185 to 1204 AD. The Angelos family went into power after Andronikos I Komnenos was deposed.

Q: What is Medal of Honor?
A: , Navy/Marine Corps and Air Force medals The Medal of Honor is the highest award given to members of the United States Military. It is given to people who show a lot of bravery in wartime.

Q: What is Haucourt?
A: Haucourt is the name of several communes in France: * Haucourt, Oise, in the Oise department * Haucourt, Pas-de-Calais, in the Pas-de-Calais department * Haucourt, Seine-Maritime, in the Seine-Maritime department * Haucourt-en-Cambrésis, in the Nord department * Haucourt-Moulaine, in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department

Q: What is Yucaipa, California?
A: Yucaipa is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. It is east of San Bernardino.

Q: What is Blackmail (1929 movie)?
A: Blackmail is a 1929 British thriller movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock in his first sound movie and was based on the 1928 play of the same name by Charles Bennett. It stars Anny Ondra, Sara Allgood, Charles Paton, John Longden, Donald Calthrop, Cyril Ritchard.

Q: What is Lake Villa, Illinois?
A: Lake Villa is a village in Lake County, Illinois United States. In the 2020 census, it said the population was 8,741.

Q: What is Nils Eklund?
A: Nils Eklund (born 17 January 1927) is a Swedish actor. He has appeared in more than 50 movies and television shows since 1952.

Q: What is Laptop?
A: A laptop is a computer which is easy to carry around. A modern laptop is self-contained, with a screen, keyboard, and pointing device (like a touchpad or pointing stick), plus usually, speakers, a microphone and a camera (webcam).

Q: What is Pepin of Herstal?
A: Pepin II (c. 635 – 16 December 714), commonly known as Pepin of Herstal, was a Frankish Statesman and military leader who was the de facto ruler of Francia as the Mayor of the Palace from 680 to his death.

Q: What is Impromptu (1991 movie)?
A: Impromptu is a 1991 British American French biographical comedy movie directed by first time director James Lapine. It stars Hugh Grant, Judy Davis, Mandy Patinkin, Bernadette Peters, Julian Sands, Ralph Brown, Emma Thompson, Anton Rodgers, Lucy Speed, John Savident, Anna Massey, Elizabeth Spriggs and Edward Highmore.

Q: What is María Echavarría?
A: María Echavarría is an archer from Colombia. She was born on 7 July 1960.

Q: What is Sean Parnell?
A: Sean R. Parnell (born November 19, 1962) is an American politician.

Q: What is Autonomous Republic of Crimea?
A: The Autonomous Republic of Crimea is an autonomous region in Ukraine located on Russian, Ukrainian, and Crimean Tatar. File:Flag of Crimea.svg|The Flag of Crimea

Q: What is Ahmed Haitham?
A: Ahmed Haitham (; born 17 September 1980) is a Maldivian politician and a former parliamentarian, known for his advocacy in social justice, child welfare, and anti-corruption efforts. He is a former member of the People's Majlis representing South Machangoalhi constituency.

Q: What is Fever Crumb?
A: Fever Crumb is a novel written by Philip Reeve in 2009. It is a post-apocalyptic science fiction novel, aimed to young adults.

Q: What is Roberto Delmastro?
A: Roberto Delmastro Naso (17 October 1945 &ndash; 26 December 2014) was a Chilean politician and engineer. Delmastro was born in Santiago, Chile.

Q: What is Switzerland at the 2018 Winter Paralympics?
A: Switzerland sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Switzerland has a team of 31 people.

Q: What is George Santayana?
A: Jorge Agustín Nicolás Ruiz de Santayana y Borrás (December 16, 1863&ndash;September 26, 1952), also known as George Santayana, was a Spanish Americans Santayana is known for his sayings, * "Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it", * "[O]nly the dead have seen the end of war."

Q: What is Walgoolan, Western Australia?
A: Walgoolan is a small town in the eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. It is between Merredin and Bodallin along the Great Eastern Highway.

Q: What is Tarcenay?
A: Tarcenay is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Q: What is Gasoline?
A: Gasoline , or petrol , is a toxic, flammable and clear liquid that is mostly used as a fuel in internal combustion engines. More precisely, used as a fuel for spark-ignited internal combustion engines.

Q: What is Humpback anglerfish?
A: The humpback anglerfish (Melanocetus johnsonii) is an anglerfish belonging to the family Melanocetidae. It is a resident of the bathypelagic zone.

Q: What is João Amoêdo?
A: João Dionisio Filgueira Barreto Amoêdo (born 22 October 1962), also known as João Amoêdo, is a Brazilian engineer and politician. He is one of the founders of the New Party (NOVO).

Q: What is 2016 Atlanta Falcons season?
A: The 2016 Atlanta Falcons season was the franchise's 51st season in the National Football League (NFL) and the second under head coach Dan Quinn.

Q: What is Indian Wells Masters?
A: The Indian Wells Masters is an annual tennis tournament held in the small city of Indian Wells, California. The official sponsored name of the event is currently the Pacific Life Open.

Q: What is Askar Akayev?
A: Askar Akayevich Akayev (; born 10 November 1944) is a retired Kyrgyz politician. He was the 1st President of Kyrgyzstan from 27 October 1990 until 24 March 2005.

Q: What is NGC 723?
A: NGC 723 is a spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is about 65 million light-years away from the Milky Way.

Q: What is Alejandra Guzmán?
A: Gabriela Alejandra Guzmán Pinal (born February 9, 1968), known professionally as Alejandra Guzmán, and nicknamed "La Reina de Corazones" (The Queen of Hearts) is a Mexico She is the daughter of actress Silvia Pinal and singer Enrique Guzmán.

Q: What is High Point, North Carolina?
A: High Point is a city in central North Carolina. In 2020, it had 114,059 people.

Q: What is Barbarian (2022 movie)?
A: Barbarian is a 2022 American horror movie written and directed by Zach Cregger in his first screenwriting and directorial solo work. It is produced by Arnon Milchan, Roy Lee, Raphael Margules, and J.

Q: What is Le Plessis-Gassot?
A: Le Plessis-Gassot is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Q: What is Ralph Fiennes?
A: Ralph Fiennes (born 22 December 1962) is an English actor. He has won several awards including the Tony Award and was nominated for the Academy Award for his work in Steven Spielberg's movie Schindler's List, and the Genie Award.

Q: What is Tract?
A: printed by the China Inland Mission.A tract, is a short literary work that is written to convince somebody of an idea or belief.

Q: What is Fobello?
A: Fobello is a comune in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli.

Q: What is Chad Michael Murray?
A: Chad Michael Murray (born August 24, 1981) is an American actor and former fashion model. He is best known for playing Lucas Scott in The WB/CW drama series One Tree Hill (2003–09, 2012).

Q: What is Meridian, Mississippi?
A: Meridian is the county seat and the most populous city of Lauderdale County in the U.S. state of Mississippi.

Q: What is Villanueva del Río Segura?
A: Villanueva del Río Segura is a municipality in the Region of Murcia, in Spain. It has an area of 13.18 km² and a population of 3,271 people.

Q: What is Colo-Colo?
A: Club Social y Deportivo Colo-Colo is a Chilean football club. They play in the Primera División.

Q: What is Andrzej Wajda?
A: Andrzej Witold Wajda (6 March 1926 &ndash; 9 October 2016) was a Polish movie director, movie producer, and screenwriter. He is known for his works in A Generation, Kanał, Ashes and Diamonds, Man of Iron, The Promised Land, The Maids of Wilko, and in Katyń.

Q: What is Plessy v. Ferguson?
A: Plessy v. Ferguson, , was a United States Supreme Court case that ruled segregation was legal, as long as equal facilities were provided for both races.

Q: What is Cysteine?
A: of L-cysteine Cysteine (abbreviated as Cys or C) is an α-amino acid. It has the chemical formula HO2CCH(NH2)CH2SH.

Q: What is Norman Jay Coleman?
A: Norman Jay Coleman (May 16, 1827 – November 3, 1911) Coleman then moved to Missouri and went into farming. In 1855 he started the Valley Farmer newspaper.

Q: What is Mohammad Khatami?
A: Seyyed Mohammad Khatami (سید محمد خاتمی), (born October 14, 1943) is an Iranian politician who was President of Iran from August 2, 1997 to August 3, 2005 and was followed by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Khatami studied Islamic theology in Qom, and philosophy in Isfahan.

Q: What is Madurese people?
A: dances. Madurese (; ), also known as Madurans, are an ethnic group native to the Indonesian island of Madura in the Java Sea.

Q: What is Swimming at the 1922 Women's Olympiad – 4 × 50 metre freestyle relay?
A: The 4 × 50 metre freestyle relay event at the 1922 Women's Olympiad was held on 22 April 1922. The venue of the competition was the Port Hercules, the harbour of Monte Carlo, Monaco.

Q: What is Looking for a Man?
A: Looking for a Man () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Bogin. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Rimma Manukovskaya, and Eleonora Aleksandrova.

Q: What is Nawaf Al-Temyat?
A: Nawaf Al-Temyat (born 28 June 1976) is a former Saudi Arabian football player. He has played for Saudi Arabia national team.

Q: What is Jewish–Roman wars?
A: The Jewish–Roman Wars is the name given to a number of revolts of Jews in the province of Judea in the Roman Empire. These were directed against the Roman rule.

Q: What is 1812 (1912 movie)?
A: 1812 () is a 1912 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov, Kai Hansen and Aleksandr Uralsky. It stars Vasili Goncharov, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Andrey Gromov.

Q: What is Christian Heinle?
A: Christian Heinle (born 30 March 1985) is an Austrian football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Ried.

Q: What is National Botanic Garden of Israel?
A: established the garden in 1931 National Botanic Garden of Israel (official name: The Botanical Garden for the Native Plants of Israel in memory of Montague Lamport, in ) is a botanic garden located in Mount Scopus in Jerusalem. The garden is dedicated to the plants of Israel.

Q: What is E Line (Los Angeles Metro)?
A: The E Line, named the Expo Line before 2019, is one of the six train lines part of the Los Angeles Metro Rail system. It stops at 29 light rail stations going from Santa Monica to East Los Angeles.

Q: What is Naoko Takahashi?
A: is a Japanese athlete. She is best known as a long-distance runner competing mainly in the marathon.

Q: What is João Havelange?
A: Jean-Marie Faustin Goedefroid "João" de Havelange (May 8, 1916 – 16 August 2016) was a Brazilian association football administrator. He was the 7th President of FIFA (Fédération Internationale de Football Association).

Q: What is Morris County, New Jersey?
A: Morris County is a county in the U.S. state of New Jersey, close to New York City.

Q: What is Kanchipuram?
A: Kanchipuram is one of the seven most holy cities of Hindus. It is about southwest of Chennai, Tamil Nadu state, India.

Q: What is Dependent personality disorder?
A: A dependent personality disorder (DPD) is a type of anxious personality disorder that involves a psychological wikt:dependence According to the Cleveland Clinic:People with DPD often feel helpless, submissive and incapable of taking care of themselves. They may have trouble making simple decisions.

Q: What is Baker's dozen?
A: A baker's dozen is 13, one more than a regular dozen. It is also known as a long dozen or devil's dozen.

Q: What is Incredible String Band?
A: British cosmic folk band of the late sixties/early seventies, popular in the UK. They were invited to perform at Woodstock but their style didn't make a strong impression on the festival audience, and along with quite a few other bands they didn't appear in the film of the event.

Q: What is Robbie Robertson (album)?
A: Robbie Robertson is the solo debut album by Robbie Robertson. It was released in 1987.

Q: What is Bob Moore (American food executive)?
A: Robert Gene Moore (February 15, 1929 – February 10, 2024) was an American food executive who founded Bob's Red Mill, a brand of wholegrain foods and baking products in 1978. He founded the business with his wife, Charlee.

Q: What is Space opera?
A: Space opera is adventure science fiction in outer space or on distant planets. There are usually a strong heroes and villains and a very epic conflict.

Q: What is Inauguration of Gerald Ford?
A: The inauguration of Gerald Ford as the the resignation of President Richard Nixon. The inauguration marked the commencement of Gerald Ford's only term (a partial term of ) as President.

Q: What is Typhoon Kong-rey (2024)?
A: Typhoon Kong-rey or also known as Super Typhoon Leon was category 5 powerful tropical cyclone, that swept the north Philippines particularly in extreme Northern Luzon, after Tropical Storm Kristine, It is the nineteenth typhoon of the Pacific Ocean, and the twelfth typhoon in the annual set of the Philippines by the third week of October in 2024.

Q: What is Presidency armies?
A: The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of British India. The presidency armies, like the presidencies themselves, belonged to the East India Company until the Indian Rebellion of 1857, when the British government took over all three presidencies.

Q: What is Boeing 737?
A: {| |} The Boeing 737 is a twin-engine, narrow-body airliner built by Boeing. At first, Boeing was making it to be a shorter, cheaper airliner than its 707 and 727.

Q: What is The Pirate Bay?
A: The Pirate Bay (shortname: TPB) is a Swedish website that indexes Bit Torrent files. It was created by Gottfrid Svartholm, Fredrik Neij and Peter Sunde.

Q: What is Northern Mariana Islands' at-large congressional district?
A: The Northern Mariana Islands' at-large congressional district is a congressional district of the United States. It covers all of the Northern Mariana Islands.

Q: What is Flame Top?
A: Flame Top () is a 1980 Finnish drama movie directed by Pirjo Honkasalo and Pekka Lehto. It stars Rea Mauranen, Asko Sarkola, Esko Salminen, Matti Oravisto, Kari Franck.

Q: What is Katie McGrath?
A: Katie McGrath (; born 3 January 1983) is an Irish actress. She is known for her roles as Morgana Pendragon in BBC One's Merlin (2008–2012), Lucy Westenra on the British-American series Dracula (2013–2014), Saskia in the TV series Secret Bridesmaids Business, Sarah Bennett in Slasher (2016), and for her role as Lena Luthor on the superhero series Supergirl (2016–2021).

Q: What is Aksana Salauyeva?
A: Aksana Salauyeva (born 2 July 1999) is a Belarusian road and track cyclist. At the 2019 European Games she set the Belarusian records, in the team pursuit track cycling.

Q: What is Makhachkala?
A: Makhachkala (; Lak: Гьанжи; Avar: МахӀачхъала; Lezgian: Магьачкъала; Rutul: МахаӀчкала) is the capital city of the Republic of Dagestan, southwestern Russia. As of the 2010 census, the city had 572,076 people living there.

Q: What is Zhou Guanyu?
A: Zhou Guanyu (Chinese: 周冠宇; pinyin: Zhōu Guànyǔ, pronounced [ʈʂóʊ kwân.ỳ]; born 30 May 1999) is a Chinese racing driver, who last competed in Formula One for Sauber. Born in Shanghai and raised in Sheffield, Zhou is the only Chinese driver to have started a Formula One Grand Prix.

Q: What is Guangzhou FC?
A: Guangzhou FC, known as Guangzhou Evergrande until 2020, is a football club which plays in China. This club has been very successful ever since Evergrande RE took over the club after a match-fixing scandal in 2009, with money flowing in.

Q: What is Shit on You?
A: "Shit on You" is a song by American hip hop group D12. It was their first debut single, it was released on December 5, 2000.

Q: What is Einar Østby?
A: Einar Østby (17 September 1935 – 3 April 2022) was a Norwegian cross-country skier. He competed during the early 1960s.

Q: What is Tupolev Tu-134?
A: {| |} Tupolev Tu-134 (Russian: Туполев Ту-134; NATO reporting name: Crusty) is a Soviet twin-engined, narrow-body jet airliner produced by Tupolev.

Q: What is Okinotorishima?
A: is an uninhabited Japanese island in the Philippine Sea. The 3-sq.-mile atoll is part of the Palau-Kyushu Ridge.

Q: What is Taste bud?
A: Taste buds are small 'bumps' on the tongue. They are the sense organs which detect the taste of things that go into the mouth.

Q: What is Canal 9 Litoral?
A: Canal 9 Litoral, is an Argentine free-to-air television channel affiliated with El Trece that transmits from the city of Paraná. The channel can be seen in a large part of the Entre Ríos Province and surrounding areas through repeaters.

Q: What is 2026 FIFA World Cup?
A: The 2026 FIFA World Cup, also called FIFA World Cup 26, will be the 23rd edition. It takes place from June to July 19, 2026, hosted by 16 cities in Canada, Mexico, and the United States – the first World Cup with three hosts.

Q: What is The Composer Glinka?
A: The Composer Glinka () is a 1952 Soviet movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Boris Smirnov, Lev Durasov, and Lyubov Orlova.

Q: What is February 1974 United Kingdom general election?
A: A general election was held on 28 February 1974 to elect all 635 members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The election ended in a hung parliament as no party had a majority.

Q: What is Óscar Pérez?
A: Óscar Alberto Pérez (7 April 1981 – 15 January 2018) was a Venezuelan political activist and CICPC investigator, Venezuela's investigative agency. He was a harsh critic of president Maduro's rule in Venezuela politics.

Q: What is Physical abuse?
A: Physical abuse is a form of abuse which causes feelings of pain, injury, or other physical suffering. Physical abuse may lead to low self-esteem and other mental problems.

Q: What is Excision (musician)?
A: Excision (real name: Jeff Abel) (born 1986 in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada) is a dubstep DJ and music boss. His signature sound takes influence from the morphing basslines of the drum and bass genre, the aggressive energy of heavy metal, and the laid back vibes of hip hop.

Q: What is Woodson County, Kansas?
A: Woodson County (standard abbreviation: WO) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas.

Q: What is Downes?
A: Downes may refer to: * Downes Sports F.C., the former name of Hinckley Downes F.C. * Downes v.

Q: What is Yanni?
A: Yiannis Chryssomallis (, born November 14, 1954), known professionally as Yanni ( ), is a Greek composer, keyboardist, pianist, and record producer At least sixteen of Yanni's albums have peaked at No. 1 in Billboard's "Top New Age Album" category, and two albums (Dare to Dream (Yanni album)

Q: What is Carlipa?
A: Carlipa is a commune of 340 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Q: What is Saint-Livres?
A: Saint-Livres (or Saint Livers in English) is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Q: What is Fuck?
A: Fuck is a common English language swear word. It can be used either as an expression or to mean the act of sex.

Q: What is Rain Man?
A: Rain Man is a 1988 American drama movie. It was directed by Barry Levinson and produced by Mark Johnson.

Q: What is Smoke detector?
A: A smoke sensor or smoke detector is a device that can detect smoke, which may be an indicator of a fire. There are two basic systems: Simple, standalone sensors usually make a sound or flash a light when they detect smoke.

Q: What is Ali Mazrui?
A: Ali Al'amin Mazrui (24 February 1933 – 12 October 2014) was a Kenyan academic professor and political writer. He wrote about African and Islamic studies and North-South relations.

Q: What is Kaolack Region?
A: Kaolack is a region in the west of Senegal. The regional capital is Kaolack.

Q: What is Esquerdes?
A: Esquerdes is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Saint-Étienne-la-Thillaye?
A: Saint-Étienne-la-Thillaye is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Mesobatrachia?
A: Mesobatrachia is the second largest of the Anura suborders of amphibians. It has 6 families, 20 genera and 168 species.

Q: What is Omnivore?
A: s, dogs, pigs, catfish, crow, meat ant An omnivore is an animal whose species gets its energy and nutrients from a diet made up of foods that include plants, animals, algae, fungi and bacteria. Many omnivores change their eating habits during their life cycle.

Q: What is Huntshaw?
A: Huntshaw is a village and civil parish in Torridge, Devon, England. In 2001 there were 120 people living in Huntshaw.

Q: What is Drawl?
A: A drawl is the prolongation of certain vowels in certain dialects of English. Drawls are commonly associated with Southern American English, in which vowel breaking can occur.

Q: What is Pablo Ferro?
A: Pablo Ferro (January 15, 1935 – November 16, 2018) was a Cuban-born American graphic designer, movie titles designer, and founder of Pablo Ferro Films. He was known for designing the titles for Dr.

Q: What is Medical (constituency)?
A: The Medical, is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1985. Electors include all medical participators and dentists.

Q: What is Roger Vaughan?
A: Roger William Bede Vaughan (9 January 1834 – 18 August 1883) was an English Benedictine monk of Downside Abbey, He was the second Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney, Australia from 1877 to 1883. He was born on 9 January 1834 at Courtfield, Ross, Herefordshire, England, second son of the fourteen children.

Q: What is Bentkey?
A: BentKey is a Children's Streaming Service created by The Daily Wire. It has cartoons like ChipChilla, starring Rob Schneider and James Arnold Taylor.

Q: What is Paula Modersohn-Becker?
A: Paula Modersohn-Becker (8 February 1876 – 20 November 1907) was a German painter. She was one of the first and most important expressionist painters.

Q: What is Rafael Landry Tanubrata?
A: Rafael Landry Tanubrata (born in Garut, West Java, Indonesia, November 16, 1986) is an Indonesian pop, businessperson and R&B singer-songwriter, hip hop dancer and actor. He is a member of the boy band SM*SH.

Q: What is Sepang International Circuit?
A: The Sepang International Circuit (SIC) is a racing circuit in Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia. It is near the Kuala Lumpur International Airport, about 60&nbsp;km south of the capital city Kuala Lumpur.

Q: What is Sopot?
A: Sopot () is a city in Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. It is on the southern coast of the Baltic Sea and has about 40,000 inhabitants.

Q: What is Autonomous republic?
A: An autonomous republic is a type of administrative division similar to a province. Many autonomous republics are in countries that used to be part of the Soviet Union.

Q: What is Bohr radius?
A: The Bohr radius (denoted as a0) is a concept from Bohr's atomic model of 1913. Bohr's model says that an atom is made of a core, called nucleus.

Q: What is Walther P38?
A: The Walther P38 is a 9x19 mm Parabellum semi-automatic pistol made by Walther. It replaced the Luger as the standard pistol of the Germany in World War II, although the Luger was still very widely used then.

Q: What is New Mexico Territory?
A: The Territory of New Mexico was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed (with varying boundaries) from September 9, 1850, until January 6, 1912, when the remaining extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of New Mexico, making it the longest-lived organized incorporated territory of the United States, lasting approximately 62 years.

Q: What is Toni Brunner?
A: Toni Brunner (born 23 August 1974) is a Swiss politician. He is a member of the Swiss National Council.

Q: What is Jake Short?
A: Jake Short (born on May 30, 1997) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in various television series and movies.

Q: What is Granada?
A: Granada is a Spanish city, capital of the province of Granada, in Andalusia. With 233,000 inhabitants, it is an important artistic and cultural center.

Q: What is Furlong?
A: The furlong is a unit for measuring distance. It is part of the imperial and US customary systems.

Q: What is Franz Strasser?
A: Franz Strasser (1899 - 10 December 1945) was a convicted Nazi murderer. He was sentenced to death by hanging.

Q: What is Rod Taylor?
A: Rodney Sturt "Rod" Taylor (11 January 1930 &ndash; 7 January 2015) was an Australian actor of movie and television. He appeared in over 50 movies, including leading roles in The Time Machine, Seven Seas to Calais, The Birds, Sunday in New York, Young Cassidy, Dark of the Sun, The Liquidator, and The Train Robbers.

Q: What is Wake Up with Al?
A: Wake Up with Al was a program on The Weather Channel that was hosted by Al Roker and Stephanie Abrams. It debuted on July 20, 2009, and ended on October 2, 2015, now replaced by AMHQ.

Q: What is Rosenheim?
A: Rosenheim (; ) is a city in Upper Bavaria, Germany. It does not belong to a rural district, but it is an urban district itself.

Q: What is Bhairavi?
A: Bhairavi (Sanskrit: भैरवी) is a Hindu goddess, described as one of the Mahāvidyas, the ten avatars of the mother goddess. She is the consort of Dakṣiṇāmūrti.

Q: What is Ortonville, Minnesota?
A: Ortonville is a city in Big Stone County in the U.S. state of Minnesota at the southern tip of Big Stone Lake, along the border with South Dakota.

Q: What is Aechmea chantinii?
A: Aechmea chantinii is a bromeliad plant. It is found in the Amazon Rainforest.

Q: What is Ron Yeats?
A: Ronald Yeats (15 November 1937 – 6 September 2024) was a Scottish footballer and manager. He was born in Aberdeen, Scotland.

Q: What is Pacific Coliseum?
A: Pacific Coliseum is an multi-use arena located in Vancouver, British Columbia. The arena does not have a permanent tenant.

Q: What is Unreachable code?
A: Unreachable code is a section of code in a program that can never be executed. Having unreachable code is bad because it wastes space on the disk, memory, and CPU cache.

Q: What is Billy Preston?
A: Billy Preston (September 2, 1946 - June 5, 2006) was an American R&B musician. He is best known for his piano and organ playing.

Q: What is Tomás Villanueva?
A: Tomás Félix Villanueva Rodríguez (25 February 1953 &ndash; 7 September 2017) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Valladolid, Spain.

Q: What is CONCACAF Gold Cup?
A: The CONCACAF Gold Cup (Spanish: Copa de Oro de la CONCACAF) is an association football tournament held every two years between national teams that are members of CONCACAF. The first tournament was held in 1991.

Q: What is General Escobedo?
A: General Escobedo is a city in the Mexican state of Nuevo León. In 2020, 454,967 people lived there.

Q: What is Walter Ludescher?
A: Walter Ludescher (born October 5, 1942) is a former Austrian football player and coach. He played as defender.

Q: What is Marina Abramović?
A: Marina Abramović (, ; born November 30, 1946) is a Yugoslav-born Serbian-American performance artist and art filmmaker. Her work are about body art, endurance art and feminist art, the relationship between performer and audience.

Q: What is Marvin Heemeyer?
A: Marvin John Heemeyer (October 28, 1951 – June 4, 2004) was an American welder and an automobile muffler repair shop owner. He destroyed many buildings with a custom bulldozer in Granby, Colorado on June 4, 2004.

Q: What is Marguerite-Élie Guadet?
A: Marguerite-Élie Guadet 20 July 1758 – 19 June 1794) was a French political figure of the Revolutionary period. And president of the National Convention of the National Convention births deaths

Q: What is Bane (DC Comics)?
A: premiere in Sydney. Bane is a fictional Batman character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.

Q: What is Bokermannohyla saxicola?
A: The ledge tree frog (Bokermannohyla saxicola) is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the Serra do Espinhaço and Serra de Cipó mountains, usually more than 800 meters above sea level.

Q: What is Wheels of Terror?
A: Wheels of Terror is a Paramount/Viacom television movie recorded in July 1989 and released in July 1990. Kimberly Duncan (born 9?/1?/1977) from Kids Incorporated played Kimberly "Kim" Donaldson movies programs

Q: What is Ryota Matsumoto?
A: Ryota Matsumoto (松本 良多, Matsumoto Ryōta) is an artist based in the United States and Japan. He is widely regarded as the forefather of the postdigital art and design movement .

Q: What is Kungsporten Church?
A: The Kungsporten Church () is a church building in Öxnehaga in Huskvarna in Sweden. It belongs to the Evangelical Free Church in Sweden.

Q: What is Centro Municipality, Tabasco?
A: Centro is one of the 17 municipalities in the Mexican state of Tabasco. Its municipal seat is in the city of Villahermosa.

Q: What is Year without a Summer?
A: The Year without a Summer was 1816. The year before that, in 1815, a volcano had erupted in the Dutch East Indies.

Q: What is The Sound of Revenge?
A: The Sound of Revenge is the first studio album by American rapper Chamillionaire. It was made in November 22, 2005.

Q: What is Killing of Brian Thompson?
A: Brian Thompson, CEO of the UnitedHealthcare company since 2021, was assassinated by shooting outside the New York Hilton Midtown hotel in Manhattan, New York City on December 4, 2024. Thompson was in the city for an investors meeting for UnitedHealth Group.

Q: What is Ng Jui Ping?
A: Ng Jui Ping (17 October 1948 – 1 January 2020) was a Singaporean entrepreneur and army general. He was the second Chief of Defence Force (CDF) of the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) from 1992 to 1995.

Q: What is Night of Champions (2010)?
A: Night of Champions (2010) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on September 19, 2010 at the Allstate Arena in Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is Batam?
A: Batam (also called Batam City) is an industrial city in the province of Riau Islands, Indonesia. Over 1 million people live in it.

Q: What is 86th Street station (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)?
A: 86th Street is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 86th Street and Lexington Avenue on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, it is served by the , and trains.

Q: What is Saint-Georges-de-Didonne?
A: Saint-Georges-de-Didonne is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente-Maritime department in southwest France.

Q: What is Gigi Meroni?
A: Gigi Meroni (born 24 February 1943) is a former Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team.

Q: What is Gary Ackerman?
A: Gary Leonard Ackerman (born November 19, 1942) is a retired American politician. He was a member of the U.S.

Q: What is Bulat-Pestivien?
A: Bulat-Pestivien is a commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.

Q: What is Ice shelf?
A: . Ross Ice Shelf is red, Fincher Ronne is the large area in blue.

Q: What is Georgetown, Texas?
A: Georgetown is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Albert Dekker?
A: Albert Dekker (December 20, 1905 – May 5, 1968) was an American character actor and politician. He was best known for his roles in Dr.

Q: What is Tony P. Hall?
A: Tony Patrick Hall (born January 16, 1942) is an American Democrat politician and businessman. He was a member of the U.S.

Q: What is Human resources?
A: Human resources is all the people working for a company or organization. Sometimes, human capital is used as well.

Q: What is Armendarits?
A: Armendarits is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France. Armendarits

Q: What is Sprent Dabwido?
A: Sprent Arumogo Dabwido (16 September 1972 – 8 May 2019) was a Nauruan politician. He served as the President of Nauru from 2011 to 2013.

Q: What is A Hidden Life (2001 movie)?
A: A Hidden Life () is a 2001 Brazilian drama movie directed by Suzana Amaral and based on the novel of the same name by Autran Dourado. It stars Sabrina Greve, Eliane Giardini, Cacá Carvalho, Neuza Borges.

Q: What is Supreme Court of India?
A: The Supreme Court of India is the highest court of India under the Indian Constitution. It provides justice to people, protects the fundamental rights of citizens, decides on cases involving federal disputes and protects the Constitution of India.

Q: What is Adamson University?
A: Adamson University is a private Roman Catholic university in Manila, Philippines. and universities in Manila

Q: What is Surf rock?
A: Surf rock is a kind of rock music. It started in the USA in the 1950s.

Q: What is Sybil Wettasinghe?
A: Kala Keerthi Sybil Wettasinghe () (31 October 1927 – 1 July 2020) was a Sri Lankan children's book writer and an illustrator. Wettasinghe wrote more than 200 children's books which have been translated into several languages.

Q: What is Virudhunagar?
A: Virudhunagar (that was Virudhupatti some time ago), is a town and the headquarters of the Virudhunagar district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Virudhunagar became an important trade centre during the British rule.

Q: What is Manslaughter?
A: Manslaughter is a type of homicide, the crime of killing a person. When a person is killed, lawyers look at the reasons and motives why this person was killed.

Q: What is EDVAC?
A: EDVAC (Electronic Discrete Variable Automatic Computer) was one of the first electronic computers. Unlike the computer before it, the ENIAC, EDVAC operated in binary and was able to store programs.

Q: What is Volta (album)?
A: Volta is a 2007 album by Icelandic rock singer Björk. She has claimed the album is about "returning to her roots".

Q: What is Shuja'iyya ambush?
A: On 13 December 2023, during the broader Israeli ground operation in Shuja'iyya, fighters from Hamas’s Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades launched an attack against Israeli Golani Brigade forces in the dense Kasbah area of Shuja'iyya. The assault resulted in the deaths of ten Israeli soldiers, including two senior officers.

Q: What is Manuel Robles (table tennis)?
A: Manuel Robles Aguila (born March 6, 1959 in Monachil, Granada) is a table tennis athlete from Spain. He has a physical disability: he is class 5 player.

Q: What is Cookie?
A: A cookie is a sweet dessert made from flour. Cookies are made in an oven.

Q: What is Julius Randle?
A: Julius Deion Randle (born November 29, 1994) is an American basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves. He played for the Los Angeles Lakers in 2015.

Q: What is Ferrals-les-Corbières?
A: Ferrals-les-Corbières is a commune of 1,192 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Q: What is Garden?
A: A garden is usually a piece of land that is used for growing flowers, trees, shrubs, and other plants. The act of caring for a garden by watering the flowers and plants and removing the weeds is called gardening.

Q: What is Tonight, Tonight, Tonight?
A: "Tonight, Tonight, Tonight" is a 1987 song by Genesis. It is fifth and final single from their 13th studio album Invisible Touch.

Q: What is Gouézec?
A: Gouézec () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Poena cullei?
A: Poena cullei, or the penalty of the sack was an ancient Roman form of execution imposed on people convicted of patricide, or the murder of one's parents. It involved being sewn into a sack with vicious animals, most commonly a monkey, snake, and chicken, but others were sometimes used as well.

Q: What is Mariveles?
A: Mariveles is a municipality in the province of Bataan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 149,879 people lived there.

Q: What is Ute Güster?
A: Ute Güster (born 19 February 1957) is a West German taekwondo athlete. She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event.

Q: What is Illusive Tracks?
A: Illusive Tracks () is a Swedish dark comedy thriller movie. It was released to cinemas in Sweden on 25 December 2003.

Q: What is Mount Orab, Ohio?
A: Mount Orab is a village in Brown County, Ohio, United States. The population was 4,347 at the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Shadow of the Tomb Raider?
A: Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure video game developed by Eidos Montréal and published by Square Enix European subsidiary. It continues the narrative of the 2015 video game Rise of the Tomb Raider and became final of the second reboot trilogy from Tomb Raider franchises.

Q: What is Doda district?
A: Doda () is a district of Jammu and Kashmir. It is the third largest district in Jammu and Kashmir after Leh and Kargil.

Q: What is Hub van Laar?
A: Hub van Laar (1964 — 24 December 2022) was a Dutch manufacturer of trumpets, cornets and flugelhorns. His company “Van Laar Trumpets” was founded in 1990 and is based in Margraten.

Q: What is Classics?
A: Classics or classical studies is a branch of the humanities which studies classical antiquity. It includes many fields of study such as history, philology, philosophy, history, art, languages, literature, and archaeology.

Q: What is Sucre?
A: Sucre is the capital city of Bolivia. It was also known as Charcas, La Plata, and Chuquisaca in the past.

Q: What is Peter Scoones?
A: Peter Scoones (27 October 1937 &ndash; 20 April 2014) was an Emmy Award-winning British underwater cameraman. Scoones is known for his vivid work on the oceans.

Q: What is Digital camera?
A: A digital camera, also known as a digicam, is a camera that stores pictures on digital storage instead of film. Because of this, a digital camera can hold many more pictures than a traditional film camera.

Q: What is How the Grinch Stole Christmas (movie)?
A: How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a 2000 comedy-drama Christmas movie that was produced by Ron Howard and Brian Grazer and was directed by Ron Howard. How the Grinch Stole Christmas is based on the 1957 Dr.

Q: What is General practitioner?
A: A general practitioner (GP) (also called a family doctor or a primary care physician) is a medical doctor who works outside of a hospital. They deal with all sorts of health problems.

Q: What is Entertainment Software Rating Board?
A: The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is an organization that provides age ratings in video games. It was created in 1994, and it serves in North America.

Q: What is Make It Big?
A: Make It Big is the second studio album by English pop duo Wham! and was released in 1984. It topped the album charts in Australia, Canada, Finland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Q: What is Jurōjin?
A: In Japan, Juroujin (寿老人), also known as Gama, is one of the Seven Lucky Gods, according to Taoist beliefs. He is the God of long life.

Q: What is Barracks?
A: Barracks are a group of military buildings where soldiers live and sleep. Barracks can be made stronger with sandbags or with barbed wire fences.

Q: What is Black Hole Sun?
A: "Black Hole Sun" is a 1994 grunge song by the American grunge band Soundgarden, from their fourth studio album Superunknown, which was released in 1994. The song was written by Chris Cornell.

Q: What is Boom XB-1?
A: (or a copy that can not fly). Picture taken in a museum, the Wings Over the Rockies Air and Space Museum The Boom XB-1, sometimes called "Baby Boom", is a supersonic airplane designed by "Boom Supersonic".

Q: What is Gempenach?
A: Gempenach (former French name: Champagny) was a municipality in See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Clavaleyres (Canton of Bern), Galmiz and Gempenach merged to form the municipality of Murten.

Q: What is Dominic Howard?
A: Dominic James Howard (born 7 December 1977) is an English musician. He plays the drums for the band Muse.

Q: What is AC Mestre?
A: A.S.D. Mestrina 1929 is a football club which plays in Italy.

Q: What is Dino Andrade?
A: Dino Andrade (born September 16, 1963) is an American voice actor in video games and animated projects. He manages dual careers as both a voice actor and the creator, owner and operator of the geek-dating/community website Soul Geek.com people births voice actors

Q: What is Criticism of hadith?
A: Criticism of hadith is the critique of hadith (attributed reports about what the Islamic prophet Muhammad said and did). Not all Muslims believe the hadith are the words of Muhammad.

Q: What is Your Old Cold Shoulder?
A: "Your Old Cold Shoulder" is a 1979 song by country singer Crystal Gayle and was the second single from her sixth studio album We Should Be Together. It went to number 5 on the country charts in Canada and the United States.

Q: What is Female guards in Nazi concentration camps?
A: Female guards in Nazi concentration camps also called Aufseherin ([ˈaʊ̯fˌzeːəʁɪn], pl. Aufseherinnen) was the title for a female guard in Nazi concentration camps.

Q: What is The Bell Ringer's Daughter?
A: The Bell Ringer's Daughter () is a 1906 French silent movie directed by Albert Capellani and stars Gabriel Moreau, Renée Coge, and Ransart.

Q: What is Panama Canal?
A: The Panama Canal is a waterway (a canal) in the country of Panama in Central America, that connects the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. Because of the way Panama twists, the entrance to the Pacific Ocean is farther east than the entrance to the Atlantic Ocean.

Q: What is Biohazzard Records?
A: Biohazzard Records is a German based Independent record label. It was founded by music journalist Sascha Bahn and Alexander C.H.

Q: What is Coup d'état?
A: A coup d'état (pronounced []), or just coup ([]) for short, is the removal of a head of state and/or a head of government from power (overthrow). Unlike a revolution in which large numbers of people usually take over, a coup can be done by a small number of people.

Q: What is Russell B. Long?
A: Russell Billiu Long (November 3, 1918 – May 9, 2003) was an American Democratic politician who was a U.S. senator from Louisiana from 1948 to 1987.

Q: What is Strip club?
A: A strip club is a type of club that has performers who dance while removing their clothes and have security protect strip club. Most strip clubs are also bars which serve alcohol.

Q: What is Cunit?
A: Cunit is a municipality in the Province of Tarragona, in Catalonia, Spain. It has an area of 9.650 km² and a population of 13,984 people.

Q: What is Ghostery?
A: Ghostery is a free and open-source browser extension and mobile browser application. It provides tracking and ad-blocking services.

Q: What is Vasily Sharangovich?
A: Vasily Sharangovich (3/4/1897-3/15/1938) was a Soviet politician from Belarus who was the leader of the communist party from March till July 1937. He was executed by shooting on March 15 1938 during the Trial of the 21.

Q: What is Saint-Florent, Haute-Corse?
A: Saint-Florent () is a commune in Haute-Corse, Corsica, France. It is a fishing port located near the gulf of the same name (Saint-Florent Gulf).

Q: What is Artificial island?
A: An artificial island or man-made island is constructed by people. The island was not formed by nature.

Q: What is Maartin Allcock?
A: Maartin Allcock (born Martin Allcock; 5 January 1957 – 16 September 2018) was an English multi-instrumentalist musician and record producer. He was born in Jethro Tull, and Robert Plant.

Q: What is Anson, Maine?
A: Anson is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States. The population was 2,291 at the North Anson.

Q: What is Algebraic geometry?
A: is an algebraic surface of degree five. The picture represents a portion of its real locus Algebraic geometry is a type of mathematics, studying polynomial equations.

Q: What is Émile Idée?
A: Émile Idée (19 July 1920 &ndash; 30 December 2024) was a French professional road bicycle racer. He was born in Nouvion-le-Comte, France.

Q: What is Lookup table?
A: In computer science, a lookup table is a data structure, usually an array or associative array, used to replace a runtime computation (calculation) with a simple array indexing operation. The main purpose is in saving run time since retrieving a value from memory is often faster than undergoing a time consuming computation (see Space-time tradeoff).

Q: What is Pseudobufo subasper?
A: Pseudobufo subasper is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family. It is the only species in the genus Pseudobufo.

Q: What is Taken 3?
A: Taken 3 is a French action thriller movie. It was directed by Olivier Megaton.

Q: What is List of people from Union City, New Jersey?
A: The following is a list of notable people from Union City, New Jersey. (B) denotes that the person was born there, though births prior to 1925 would have been in West Hoboken or Union Hill which merged in 1925 to form Union City, as noted in some of these entries.

Q: What is Derby, Iowa?
A: Derby is a city in Lucas County, Iowa, United States. 90 people lived here in 2020, when the census was taken.

Q: What is Salzburg Football Association?
A: The Salzburg Football Association (German:Salzburger Fußballverband; SFV) is the leading body of the football clubs of the Austrian state Salzburg. It was founded in 1921 .

Q: What is David Ipp?
A: David Andrew Ipp AO QC (1938 &ndash; 8 October 2020) was a South African-born Australian lawyer and politician. He was the Commissioner of the NSW Independent Commission Against Corruption between 2009 and 2014.

Q: What is Bernardin Gantin?
A: Bernardin Gantin (8 May 1922 – 13 May 2008) was a Beninese prelate of the Catholic Church. He was the Dean of the College of Cardinals for nine years.

Q: What is Agnivesh?
A: Agnivesh (born Vepa Shyam Rao; 21 September 1939 – 11 September 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Legislative Assembly from the Indian state of Haryana, an Arya Samaj scholar.

Q: What is Trade association?
A: A trade association, also known as an industry trade group, business association, sector association or industry body, is an organization founded and funded by businesses in a specific industry. An industry trade association will generally do advertising, education, publishing, lobbying, and influencing government policies.

Q: What is Ion channel?
A: An ion channel is a pore-forming protein that helps to establish and control the small voltage gradient across the plasma membrane of all living cells (see resting potential) by allowing the flow of ions down their electrochemical gradient. They are present in the membranes that surround all biological cells.

Q: What is Julia de Burgos?
A: Julia de Burgos (February 17, 1914 – July 6, 1953) was a Puerto Rican poet, journalist and teacher. She was a Puerto Rican Nationalist.

Q: What is Hannes Winklbauer?
A: Hannes Winklbauer (born 25 December 1949) was a former Austrian football player. After the end of his active career he worked as a football coach and journalist.[https://www.national-football-teams.com/player/22182/Hannes%20Winklbauer.html National football teams:Profile-Hannes Winklbauer]

Q: What is Frog Lady?
A: Frog Lady is a character in Star Wars who asked for help from Din Djarin. Frog Lady told Din Djarin that she could help him learn information if he helped her keep her eggs safe and bring the eggs to her husband.

Q: What is Joey Wheeler?
A: Joey Wheeler is a fictional character on the children's television show Yu-Gi-Oh!. He has blond hair.

Q: What is Ford Field?
A: Ford Field is an American football stadium located in Detroit, Michigan that serves as the home for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL), as well as the Michigan Panthers and Philadelphia Stars and the United States Football League (USFL). They first started to build the stadium on November 16, 1999.

Q: What is Authuille?
A: Authuille is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in the north of France.

Q: What is Gilgit Agency?
A: Gilgit Agency () was the name of most of the area of northern Kashmir which formed a de facto dependency of Pakistan from 1947 to 1970, which was then merged into Northern Areas. The Agency was administered directly from Islamabad separately from the neighbouring state of Azad Jammu and Kashmir and the princely states of Hunza-Nagar District.

Q: What is The Big Short (movie)?
A: The Big Short is a 2015 American biographical comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Adam McKay.

Q: What is Miquel Aubà i Fleix?
A: Miquel Aubà i Fleix (5 June 1965 – 31 January 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia.

Q: What is Soraya Post?
A: Soraya Viola Heléna Post (born 15 October 1956) is a Swedish politician. She works for the Feminist Initiative party.

Q: What is On and On and On?
A: "On and On and On" is a 1980 song by Swedish music group ABBA and was taken from their seventh studio album Super Trooper. It went to number 90 in the United States, number 24 in Japan, number 7 in France and number 9 in Australia.

Q: What is Interstate 220 (Mississippi)?
A: Interstate 220 (I-220) is a bypass around Jackson, Mississippi. It provides an interstate connection for Interstate 55 and Interstate 20 without going through downtown.

Q: What is Seremban (district)?
A: Seremban district is one from 7 districts in Negeri Sembilan. This is where the capital of Negeri Sembilan, Seremban town is located.

Q: What is Viktor Alksnis?
A: Viktor Imantovich Alksnis (21 June 1950 – 1 January 2025) was a Russian politician. From 2000 to 2007, he was a member of the State Duma.

Q: What is North Dakota Legislative Assembly?
A: The North Dakota Legislative Assembly is the state legislature of the U.S. state of North Dakota.

Q: What is Harry Holman?
A: Harry James Holman (March 15, 1862 &ndash; May 3, 1947) was an American character actor. He appeared in over 130 movies.

Q: What is Hershel W. Williams?
A: Hershel Woodrow "Woody" Williams (October 2, 1923 &ndash; June 29, 2022) was a United States Marine Corps Williams died at a veteran home in Huntington, West Virginia on June 29, 2022 at the age of 98.

Q: What is The Predator (movie)?
A: The Predator is a 2018 science fiction horror comedy movie and the fourth movie in the Predator franchise. It was written and directed by Shane Black.

Q: What is Zuray Marcano?
A: Zuray Marcano Fuenmayor (26 May 1954 – 23 August 2020) was a Venezuelan teacher and Paralympic powerlifter. In 2016, she was a competitor at the Rio Paralympics at the age of 62.

Q: What is Mahmoud Fawzi?
A: Mahmoud Fawzi was born on September 19, 1900. He died on June 12, 1981.

Q: What is Acoustic music?
A: . Acoustic music is music which is played by using acoustic musical instruments, i.e.

Q: What is Gulf Shores, Alabama?
A: Gulf Shores is a coastal city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Haus der Bayerischen Geschichte?
A: The Haus der Bayerischen Geschichte (German for: House of Bavarian History) or HdBG was established in 1983 as an rule of Bavaria, Germany and, since 1993, has had its permanent headquarters at Augsburg. On 6 October 1998 it was incorporated into the Bavarian State Ministry for Science, Research and Art (Bayerisches Staatsministerium für Wissenschaft, Forschung und Kunst).

Q: What is Donald B. Verrilli Jr.?
A: Donald Beaton Verrilli Jr. (born June 29, 1957) is an American lawyer.

Q: What is Detek?
A: Detek is a village in Encs District in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County, Hungary. In 2024, 256 people lived there.

Q: What is Flag of Toledo, Spain?
A: The flag of Toledo () It is colored purple and the coat of arms in the center. The emblem has a diameter of three-quarters the width of the stripes.

Q: What is Andijan Region?
A: Andijan Region is a region in Uzbekistan. It is in the far-right part of Uzbekistan.

Q: What is Citrus Springs, Florida?
A: Citrus Springs is a census-designated place (CDP) in Citrus County, Florida, United States. In 2021, it had 10,162 people living in it.

Q: What is Zalmai Rassoul?
A: Zalmai Rassoul (born 11 May 1943) is an Afghan politician. He served as Foreign Minister of Afghanistan from January 2010 to October 2013.

Q: What is Leave a Trace?
A: "Leave a Trace" is a 2015 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the first single from their second studio album Every Open Eye which was released in 2015.

Q: What is McIntosh County?
A: McIntosh County is the name of three counties in the United States: * McIntosh County, Georgia * McIntosh County, North Dakota * McIntosh County, Oklahoma

Q: What is The Big Lebowski?
A: The Big Lebowski () is a 1998 crime comedy movie written, produced, and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. It stars Jeff Bridges as Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski.

Q: What is Gianni Boncompagni?
A: Giandomenico Boncompagni (13 May 1932 – 16 April 2017), best known as Gianni Boncompagni, was an Italian television and radio presenter, television director, screenwriter and lyricist. Boncompagni made his television debut in 1977, as the presenter of the musical variety Discoring.

Q: What is Victoria Beckham?
A: Victoria Caroline, Lady Beckham (née Adams; born 17 April 1974) is an English singer, songwriter, fashion designer and businesswoman. She was a member of a pop group called the Spice Girls.

Q: What is Twirlywoos series 3?
A: The third series of the children's television series Twirlywoos premiered on , which was originally broadcast on CBeebies in the United Kingdom until . The third series contained 25 episodes.

Q: What is Manny Manuel?
A: Cruz Manuel Hernández Santiago (born December 1, 1972), known by his stage name of Manny Manuel, is a Puerto Rican singer. He sings merengue, boleros, and tropical music.

Q: What is Tour guide?
A: A tour guide (also known as tourist guide in Europe) is a person who gives information about a place or a place's history to "tourists" (people who are traveling for fun). Some tour guides can talk in the language of the tourist.

Q: What is Monster Hunter?
A: is a video game series developed and published by Capcom. The games have the player hunt monsters and build new weapons and armour.

Q: What is K-1?
A: K-1 is a kickboxing competition. It is a mix of Kickboxing, Kung fu, Karate and Boxing.

Q: What is Headline News ("Weird Al" Yankovic song)?
A: "Headline News" is a song by "Weird Al" Yankovic. It is a parody of the Crash Test Dummies's song "Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm".

Q: What is Military prisons?
A: A military prison is a jail for the soldiers and sailors of a country's military who commit crimes. Alternatively, a military prison can hold prisoners of war.

Q: What is Kura–Araxes culture?
A: The Kura-Araxes culture or the Early trans-Caucasian culture, a people that lived from 3400 BC until about 2000 BC. The earliest evidence for this culture is found on the Ararat plain; thence it spread to Georgia by 3000 B.C.

Q: What is Lionel Hampton?
A: honored Hampton in June 2001 Lionel Leo Hampton (April 20, 1908 – August 31, 2002) was an American jazz vibraphonist, pianist, composer, philanthropist, percussionist, bandleader and actor. Hampton worked with Benny Goodman, Teddy Wilson and Buddy Rich to Charlie Parker and Quincy Jones.

Q: What is Rail transport in Denmark?
A: The rail transport system in Denmark has 2,633&nbsp;km of railway lines. The Copenhagen S-train network, the main line Helsingør-Copenhagen-Padborg (at the Germany Maintenance work on most Danish railway lines is done by Banedanmark, a state-owned company that also allocates tracks for train operators.

Q: What is Hec Lalande?
A: Hector Joseph Lalande (November 24, 1934 – August 18, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player that played 5 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). Lalande played in the NHL with the Chicago Blackhawks for 4 seasons and with the Detroit Red Wings for 1 season.

Q: What is Louvre?
A: in marble, about 190 BC. Found in Samothrace in 1863 The Louvre is a museum in Paris.

Q: What is Screaming Bloody Murder?
A: Screaming Bloody Murder is the fifth studio album by Canadian punk rock band, Sum 41. Screaming Bloody Murder was released on March 25, 2011.

Q: What is Delwar Hossain Sayeedi?
A: Delwar Hossain Sayeedi was a politician and religious leader from Bangladesh. He was found guilty of committing crimes during Bangladesh's war for independence against Pakistan in 1971.

Q: What is Chambal River?
A: The Chambal River is a tributary of the Yamuna River in central India. It forms a significant portion of the Greater Gangetic drainage arrangement.The river passes through the states of Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh.

Q: What is The Secret of Convict Lake?
A: The Secret of Convict Lake is a 1951 American western movie directed by Michael Gordon and starring Ethel Barrymore, Ann Dvorak, Glenn Ford, Gene Tierney, Max Wagner, Jack Lambert, Zachary Scott, Barbara Bates, Helen Westcott. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Roy, New Mexico?
A: Roy is a village in Harding County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 193 at the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Man without a Passport?
A: Man without a Passport () is a 1966 Soviet thriller movie directed by Anatoly Bobrovsky. It stars Vladimir Zamansky, Gennady Frolov, and Nikolai Gritsenko.

Q: What is Komodo National Park?
A: The Komodo National Park is a national park in Indonesia. It is on several islands in the Lesser Sunda Islands.

Q: What is Alentejo?
A: Alentejo ( , ) is a region of south–central and southern Portugal. In Portuguese, its name means "beyond () the Tagus river" (Tejo).

Q: What is Blessthefall?
A: Blessthefall is an American post-hardcore band from Phoenix, Arizona. The band was formed in 2004 and released the first album His Last Walk in April 2007.

Q: What is Cihuela?
A: Cihuela is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain. in Castile and León in Soria

Q: What is Esquire (magazine)?
A: Esquire is a men's magazine, published in the U.S. by the Hearst Corporation.

Q: What is Budoni?
A: Budoni (Budùne, Budùni) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,148 people lived there.

Q: What is 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries?
A: The 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries and caucuses were a series of elections by the Democratic Party to select the about 3,979 pledged delegates to the Democratic National Convention. Those delegates picked the Democratic nominee for president of the United States in the 2020 United States presidential election.

Q: What is Dean Spielmann?
A: Dean Spielmann (born 26 October 1962) is a lawyer from Luxembourg. He is the President of the European Court of Human Rights.

Q: What is The Killing of a Sacred Deer?
A: The Killing of a Sacred Deer is a 2017 psychological thriller and horror movie. The movie was directed by Yorgos Lanthimos.

Q: What is The Night Before Christmas (1961 movie)?
A: The Night Before Christmas () is a 1961 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Aleksandr Khvylya, Lyudmyla Myznikova, and Yuri Tavrov.

Q: What is Bob Woodward?
A: Bob Woodward (born March 26, 1943) is an American author and journalist who began working for The Washington Post around 1971. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is Racine, Wisconsin?
A: Racine ( ) or ( ) is a city in and the county seat of Racine County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on the shore of Lake Michigan at the mouth of the Root River (Wisconsin)

Q: What is Pakistan women's cricket team?
A: The Pakistan Women cricket team has been active since 1997. It is governed by the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), which is a Full Member of the International Cricket Council (ICC).

Q: What is Flag of New Zealand?
A: The flag of New Zealand was adopted in 1907. It has the Union Flag of the United Kingdom in the upper left quarter, and the Southern Cross on a blue ground.

Q: What is Dancing Machine?
A: "Dancing Machine" is a 1973 hit song by The Jackson 5. The song reached #2 on the U.S.

Q: What is Lenticel?
A: bark are the lenticels. tree in Tecpán, Guatemala.

Q: What is Bearly Asleep?
A: Bearly Asleep is a 1955 Disney animated short featuring Donald Duck, who appears as a park ranger, with Humphrey the Bear.

Q: What is Degree of substitution?
A: In chemistry, the degree of substitution of a chemical compound is the number of substituents - more complex pieces of a large molecule - which have replaced parts of a simpler molecule to which the compound is related.

Q: What is Tawrat?
A: The Tawrat (), also romanized as Tawrah or Taurat, is the Arabic-language name for the Torah within its context as an Islamic holy book believed by Muslims to have been given by God to the prophets and messengers amongst the Children of Israel. In the Qur'an, the word 'Tawrat' occurs eighteen times.

Q: What is Galaxy Nexus?
A: 4.0 on the Galaxy Nexus The Galaxy Nexus is a smartphone made by Google and Samsung, using the Android operating system. The phone started being sold on November 17, 2011.

Q: What is Paul Belmondo?
A: Paul Alexandre Belmondo (born 23 April 1963) is a French racing driver. He raced in Formula One for the March and Pacific Racing teams.

Q: What is International Booker Prize?
A: The International Booker Prize (formerly known as the Man Booker International Prize) is an international : awards

Q: What is Dissected Till Plains?
A: The Dissected Till Plains are physiographic parts of the Central Lowlands province. In turn, those are part of the Interior Plains physiographic part of the United States.

Q: What is Papcastle?
A: Papcastle is a village and civil parish in Allerdale, Cumbria, England. In 2001 there were 406 people living in Papcastle.

Q: What is Kazimierz Kutz?
A: Kazimierz Julian Kutz (16 February 1929 – 18 December 2018) was a Polish movie director, author, journalist and politician. He was born in Katowice, Poland.

Q: What is Concho County, Texas?
A: Concho County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Graham King?
A: Graham King is an English movie producer. He has produced several acclaimed movies, including The Aviator, Hugo, and Bohemian Rhapsody, which earned him significant recognition and awards.

Q: What is Cincinnati, Iowa?
A: Cincinnati is a city in Iowa in the United States. In 2020, the population was 290.

Q: What is Doris Johnson?
A: Doris J. Johnson (born June 23, 1923) is an American former politician.

Q: What is Magdalena Department?
A: Magdalena Department is a department in northern Colombia by the Caribbean Sea. The capital is Santa Marta and was named after the Magdalena River.

Q: What is Salzburg Festival?
A: The Salzburg Festival () is an internationally famous festival of music and drama. It is held each summer (for five weeks starting in late July) in the Austrian town of Salzburg.

Q: What is Miami Grand Prix?
A: The Miami Grand Prix is a Formula One race that was first held in the 2022 season. The race takes place at the Miami International Autodrome and has a ten-year contract.

Q: What is Chuck Low?
A: Charles Lewis "Chuck" Low (July 21, 1928 – September 18, 2017) was an American actor. He was born in New York City, New York.

Q: What is M4 (105)?
A: The M4 (105) was an M4 Sherman tank with 105 mm howitzer. It was a secondary version of the M4 Sherman, which was mainly used as mobile artillery, although the tank also used high-explosive anti-tank missiles and was heavily armored.

Q: What is Chinese New Zealanders?
A: Chinese New Zealanders (, ) are Chinese people living in New Zealand. They are the largest group of Asian New Zealanders.

Q: What is Crown Point, Indiana?
A: Crown Point is a city in, Indiana, United States. Crown Point was founded in 1834.

Q: What is Nostalgiya?
A: Nostalgiya () is a Russian television channel about nostalgia for the Soviet Union. It started in 2004, and shows in almost all of the European parts of the Soviet Union, and some countries of the "Far Abroad", including the United States, Germany and Israel.

Q: What is S. I. Hayakawa?
A: Samuel Ichiye Hayakawa (July 18, 1906 – February 27, 1992) was a Canadian-born American academic and politician. He was of Japanese ancestry.

Q: What is Kill.switch?
A: kill.switch is a shooting video game for many platforms. It was released on Oct 28, 2003.

Q: What is Kid A?
A: Kid A is the fourth album by the band Radiohead. It was released in October 2000 on the Parlophone label.

Q: What is First class (aviation)?
A: Boeing 777-200LR First class, sometimes called A1, is a luxury travel class on some airliners that exceeds "Business Class", "Premium Economy Class" and "Economy Class". On a passenger jetliner first class refers to a limited number (rarely more than 16) of seats or cabins located in the front of the aircraft which are notable for their comfort, service and privacy.

Q: What is Orange juice?
A: Orange juice (shortened to OJ) is juice of oranges which is made by squeezing the fruit. It comes in several varieties, such as blood orange.

Q: What is Failuna Abdi Matanga?
A: Failuna Abdi Matanga (born 28 October 1992) is a long-distance runner from Tanzania. Failuna competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Urgh! A Music War?
A: Urgh! A Music War is a 1981 British concert movie featuring performances by punk rock, new wave, and post-punk bands and artists.

Q: What is Dermot Mulroney?
A: Dermot Mulroney (born October 31, 1963) is an American actor, musician and director. He has been acting since 1986.

Q: What is Leslie West?
A: in 2008 Leslie West (born Leslie Weinstein; October 22, 1945 – December 23, 2020) was an American rock guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter. He was best known as a founding member and co-lead vocalist of the hard rock band Mountain.

Q: What is Laughing kookaburra?
A: The laughing kookaburra (Dacelo novaeguineae) is a type of kingfisher. They were previously called the laughing jackass and the giant kingfisher.

Q: What is Kaiserstuhl?
A: Kaiserstuhl can mean: * Kaiserstuhl, Switzerland, a municipality in the Swiss canton of Aargau * Kaiserstuhl (Baden-Württemberg), a mountain range in the German state of Baden-Württemberg

Q: What is Government shutdowns in the United States?
A: In the United States, a government shutdown is a partial shutdown of some government services. It is not complete anarchy - essential services such as police remain active.

Q: What is 1790 United States census?
A: The United States Census of 1790 was the first United States Census. It recorded the population of the United States as of August 2, 1790.

Q: What is São Lourenço dos Órgãos, Cape Verde?
A: São Lourenço dos Órgãos is a municipality in Cape Verde. It is on the island of Santiago.

Q: What is Ernst Ruska?
A: Ernst August Friedrich Ruska (25 December 1906 &ndash; 27 May 1988) was a German physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1986 for his work in electron optics. He helped create the design of the first electron microscope.

Q: What is Piano Concerto No. 4 (Beethoven)?
A: Ludwig van Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 4 in G major, Op.

Q: What is World Juniors Inline Speed Skating Championships?
A: The World Inline Speed Skating Championships is the main inline speed skating championships in World for Juniors, organized by International Roller Sports Federation.

Q: What is Netta Barzilai?
A: Netta Barzilai (; born 22 January 1993), sometimes known as simply Netta, is an Israeli singer and artist. Barzilai served in the Israeli Navy and lives in Tel Aviv.

Q: What is Shout (Tears for Fears song)?
A: "Shout" is a 1984 song by British new wave band Tears for Fears. It is the second single from their second studio album Songs from the Big Chair.

Q: What is Padded cell?
A: A padded cell is a special room in a hospital for mentally ill people. It is made so that the patients can be put there when they go through a crisis (or they have a fit or seizure).

Q: What is Elisabeth Hartnagel-Scholl?
A: Elisabeth Hartnagel-Scholl (born 27 February 1920 in Forchtenberg as Elisabeth Scholl; died 28 February 2020 in Stuttgart) was the sister of Hans and Sophie Scholl.

Q: What is Ultramagic?
A: Ultramagic is a Catalan company that manufactures hot air balloons. It is based at the Igualada-Òdena General Vives Aerodrome, in the Anoia region.

Q: What is Fokker 100?
A: {| |} Fokker 100 is a narrow-body, twin-engined, medium-range and turbofan regional airliner produced by Fokker as a lengthened and improved version of Fokker F28. It is the largest Fokker manufactured aircraft built.

Q: What is Pierrerue?
A: Pierrerue is the name of two communes in France: * Pierrerue, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence * Pierrerue, Hérault

Q: What is Enoshima?
A: " by Hokusai, circa 1830 is a small island in Sagami Bay on the Pacific Coast of the Japanese island of Honshu. It is part of Fujisawa, Kanagawa Enoshima has an area of about 0.2&nbsp;km².

Q: What is Quicksand (movie)?
A: Quicksand is a 1950 United Artists film noir (crime movie) starring Mickey Rooney. It tells of a garage mechanic's descent into crime after unwisely taking $20 from the garage's cash register to pay for a date.

Q: What is Hinduism in Sri Lanka?
A: Hinduism is a one of the minority religion in Sri Lanka and is second most followed religion after Theravada Buddhism. Hinduism is followed by nearly 12.6% of total population as of 2012.

Q: What is Fulton County, Georgia?
A: Fulton County is a county in the state of Georgia. The county seat of Fulton County is Atlanta, Georgia

Q: What is Pylorus?
A: Pylorus is a part of digestive system that separates stomach and duodenum. The pylorus controls the opening between the stomach and the duodenum.

Q: What is Raul M. Gonzalez?
A: Raul Maravilla Gonzalez (December 3, 1930 – September 7, 2014) was a Filipino politician. He served as the Chief Presidential Legal Counsel and was the Former Secretary of Justice of the Philippines.

Q: What is Dialectical materialism?
A: Dialectical materialism is a philosophy of science, history, and nature. It was developed in Europe and is based on the writings of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels.

Q: What is Michael Hancock (politician)?
A: Michael B. Hancock (born July 29, 1969) is an American businessman, author and politician.

Q: What is Murtaza Jafri?
A: Murtaza Jafri (born 7 March 1958) is a Pakistani painter, draftsman, sculptor and art-educator. He is also principal/Vice Chancellor of National College of Arts, Lahore, a post he has been holding since August 2013.

Q: What is Porto Ferreira?
A: Porto Ferreira is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. In 2020, 56,504 people lived there and its area is 244.9&nbsp;km².

Q: What is Sherri Saum?
A: Sherri M. Saum (born October 1, 1974) is an American actress.

Q: What is Bin Weevils?
A: Bin Weevils was a British MMORPG game that had a virtual world which had a lot of different online games and activities. It was playable in web browsers with Adobe Flash.

Q: What is Ichnogenus?
A: An ichnogenus is a trace fossil. The names are a category of taxonomy for fossil traces whose origin is not exactly known.

Q: What is Gulph Mills, Pennsylvania?
A: Gulph Mills is an unincorporated community in Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. General George Washington's army encamped in the area for a week before leaving for winter quarters at Valley Forge.

Q: What is Martinsen Lake?
A: The Martinsen Lake is a lake in the Nipissing District which is in Ontario which is a province of Canada. The lake's average high temperature is 0 degrees Celsius and the lake's average low temperature is -9 degrees Celsius.

Q: What is Patricia Hill Collins?
A: Patricia Hill Collins (born May 1, 1948) is a Distinguished University Professor of Sociology at the University of Maryland, College Park. Her first book, Black Feminist Thought, was published in 1990.

Q: What is Baku Stock Exchange?
A: The Baku Stock Exchange (BSE) () is the main stock exchange of Azerbaijan. It is in the city's capital, Baku.

Q: What is Harisu?
A: Harisu (, born February 17, 1975) is a South Korean model, actor, and entertainer. Harisu (or Ha Ri-soo) is her stage name.

Q: What is Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In?
A: Laugh-In was an American television series, which ran on NBC from 1968 until 1974. Its hosts were comedians Dan Rowan and Dick Martin.

Q: What is Risky Rides?
A: Risky Rides was an investigative documentary by NBC from Austin, Texas that looked into how the Texas Department of Motor Vehicles fixed loopholes regard temporary license plates. In 2018, Texas State Troopers began to see an increase in paper license plates on vehicles on their roads.

Q: What is Human history?
A: Human history is the study of what the entire human race did in the past. It includes the time from prehistory to the present day.

Q: What is Ajana, Western Australia?
A: Ajana is a small farming town in Western Australia. It is about 530 kilometres north east of Perth, Western Australia

Q: What is The Curse of King Tut's Tomb (1980 movie)?
A: The Curse of King Tut's Tomb is a 1980 British-American mystery thriller movie. It was directed by Philip Leacock.

Q: What is 2021 Kaohsiung fire?
A: The 2021 Kaohsiung fire happened in a 13-story building in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, on 14 October 2021. The fire killed at least 46 people and injured 41 others.

Q: What is Genji era?
A: was a after Bunkyū and before Keiō. This period spanned only slightly more than a single year from February 1864 through April 1865.William Elliot Griffis

Q: What is Sharsheret (organization)?
A: Sharsheret (Hebrew for “chain") is a national not-for-profit organization. It was created to support young Jewish women with breast cancer, or their families.

Q: What is European Gymnastics Championships?
A: The European Union of Gymnastics organises European Gymnastics Championships for each of the following gymnastics disciplines:

Q: What is Ellen Babington?
A: Ellen Mabel Liederskron Babington was an archer from Great Britain. She was born on 12 June 1877 and died on 10 September 1956.

Q: What is JSGF?
A: JSGF stands for Java Speech Grammar Format or the JSpeech Grammar Format. It is a special format used to describe a set of text that fits into a certain language.

Q: What is Kohei Kiyama?
A: Kohei Kiyama (born 22 February 1988) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu.

Q: What is Jean Peyrelevade?
A: Jean Peyrelevade (born 24 October 1939 in Marseille), is a French civil servant, politician and business leader.

Q: What is Colleen Wing?
A: Colleen Wing is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in Marvel Premiere #19 (November 1974), created by writer Doug Moench and artist Larry Hama.

Q: What is DZAR?
A: DZAR (1026&nbsp;kHz Metro Manila) branded as Sonshine Radio is an AM radio station airing news, public service, music and religious. It is owned and operated by Sonshine Media Network International.

Q: What is Everybody Wants to Rule the World?
A: "Everybody Wants to Rule the World" is a 1985 song by the British pop rock band Tears for Fears and is the third single from their second studio album Songs from the Big Chair. It went to number one in Canada, New Zealand and in the United States, number two in Ireland, Australia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom and number three in Belgium.

Q: What is Pope Celestine?
A: Pope Celestine may mean: * Pope Celestine I (422–432) *: Antipope Celestine II * Pope Celestine II (1143–1144) * Pope Celestine III (1191–1198) * Pope Celestine IV (1241) * Pope Celestine V (1294) Celestine

Q: What is François Mathey?
A: François Mathey(August 17, 1917 in Ronchamp (Haute-Saône) &ndash; January 3, 1993 in Coulommiers, Seine-et-Marne) was a French museum curator. He was curator, then chief curator at the Museum of Decorative Arts from 1953 to 1985.

Q: What is Stary Oskol?
A: Stary Oskol () is a city in Belgorod Oblast, Russia, located 618 kilometers (384 south of Moscow, on the Oskol River. Population: 221,085 (Russian Census (2010)

Q: What is Bassano Staffieri?
A: Nino Staffieri (6 September 1931 – 31 July 2018) was an Italian bishop. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Spezia-Sarzana-Brugnato.

Q: What is Taka and Toshi?
A: Taka and Toshi are a comedy pair from Hokkaido, Japan. Their favourite gag is "Obei ka!!" comedians from Sapporo

Q: What is U.S. Route 77?
A: U.S. Route 77 (US 77) is a major north&ndash;south United States highway.

Q: What is Corzoneso?
A: Corzoneso is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. In 2004, the former municipalities of Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Marolta, Ponto Valentino and Prugiasco joined together and became the new municipality called Acquarossa.

Q: What is Debbie Ngarewa-Packer?
A: Debbie Anne Ngarewa-Packer is a New Zealand politician. She is a Member of Parliament and co-leader of the Māori Party, and is the leader and chief executive of the Ngāti Ruanui iwi.

Q: What is Unionism in the United Kingdom?
A: : England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. , in addition to being the flag of the United Kingdom, also serves as a significant symbol of UK/British unionism.

Q: What is Falstaff?
A: :This page is about the Shakespearean character. For the opera by Verdi see Falstaff (opera) Sir John Falstaff is a fictional character who appears in three plays by William Shakespeare.

Q: What is Illinois's 4th congressional district?
A: The 4th congressional district of Illinois includes part of Cook County, and has been represented by Democrat Chuy García since January 2019. The last version of the district from 2013–2023 was seen by The Economist as one of the most strangely drawn and gerrymandering

Q: What is Per-Ingvar Brånemark?
A: Per-Ingvar Brånemark (May 3, 1929 – December 20, 2014) was a Swedish people Brånemark died at the age of 85 in Gothenburg.

Q: What is Cool colors?
A: Cool colors are colours that give off a cold and clear vibe. These can include colours such as blue, white, and green.

Q: What is The Office (American TV series)?
A: The Office is an American television sitcom that aired on National Broadcasting Company (NBC). It was developed by Greg Daniels and used a mockumentary format.

Q: What is No Prayer for the Dying?
A: No Prayer for the Dying is a studio album by Iron Maiden. It went on sale on 1 October 1990.

Q: What is Maria Schneider (actress)?
A: Maria Schneider (born Marie Christine Gélin, Paris, 27 March 1952 - 3 February 2011) was a French actress. She was in many movies.

Q: What is Colony?
A: (1945) A colony is a piece of land controlled by another country. The metropolitan state is the country that owns the colony.

Q: What is Division of Nepean?
A: The Division of Nepean was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. The division was created in 1949.

Q: What is Nguyen Ngoc Tho?
A: Nguyễn Ngọc Thơ (26 May 1908 &ndash; 1976) was a Vietnamese politician. He was the first Prime Minister of South Vietnam, serving from November 1963 to late January 1964.

Q: What is Liriodendron tulipifera?
A: American tulip tree (Liriodendron tulipifera), also called tulip poplar or yellow poplar is a type of tree. It is one of the two species in the genus Liriodendron.

Q: What is Anal bleaching?
A: Anal bleaching is a process that causes the skin around the anus to become lighter in color. The process is done for appearance.

Q: What is Lord Voldemort?
A: Lord Voldemort (born Tom Marvolo Riddle) is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the Harry Potter series of children's books. The books were written by British author J.K.

Q: What is Fachhochschule Düsseldorf?
A: The Fachhochschule Düsseldorf is a so-called Fachhochschule (university of applied sciences), that means a special kind of college, with technical, design and business subjects in Düsseldorf. It was founded in 1971.

Q: What is Nagendra Nath Jha?
A: Nagendra Nath Jha (5 January 1935 – 15 June 2020) was an Indian diplomat. He was the Indian ambassador to Ireland (1977-1979), to Turkey (1979–1981), to Kuwait (1984-1989), to Yugoslavia (1989-1990) and to Sri Lanka (1990-1993).

Q: What is Thousand Oaks shooting?
A: A mass shooting took place on November 7, 2018, in Thousand Oaks, California, at the Borderline Bar and Grill, a country-western Nightclub The attacker, identified as 28-year-old Ian David Long, was found dead inside the bar, having suicide

Q: What is Prime Minister of Georgia?
A: The Prime Minister of Georgia is the most senior minister within the Cabinet of Georgia. He is appointed by the President of Georgia.

Q: What is Tasmania men's cricket team?
A: The Tasmania men's cricket team is based at Hobart in Tasmania. It has been active since 1851.

Q: What is Meitnerium?
A: Meitnerium is a chemical element in the periodic table. Its atomic number is 109.

Q: What is Au cœur du stade?
A: Au cœur du stade (English: At the Heart of the Stadium) is a live album by Canadian singer Céline Dion. It was released on August 27, 1999.

Q: What is College of William & Mary?
A: The College of William & Mary in Virginia (also known as The College of William & Mary, The College, William & Mary, or W&M) is a public university in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States. It was founded in 1693 by a Royal Charter issued by King William III and Queen Mary II.

Q: What is Charyapada?
A: The Charyapada is a collection of 8th-12th century Vajrayana Buddhist caryagiti. They are mystical poems from the tantric tradition in eastern India.

Q: What is Henri Kichka?
A: Henri Kichka (14 April 1926 – 25 April 2020) was a Belgian writer and Holocaust survivor. He was one of the leading figures in Holocaust education in Belgium.

Q: What is Frank Bresee?
A: Frank Bresee (August 20, 1929 – June 5, 2018) was an American radio personality and historian. Bresee was born in Los Angeles, California.

Q: What is Dillinger (1945 movie)?
A: Dillinger is a 1945 American crime drama movie directed by Max Nosseck and starring Lawrence Tierney in the title role, Edmund Lowe, Anne Jeffreys, Eduardo Cianelli, Marc Lawrence, Elisha Cook Jr.. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1946 and was distributed by Monogram Pictures.

Q: What is Girl with a Red Hat?
A: Girl with a Red Hat is an oil painting by Johannes Vermeer. It is dated from about 1665 to 1666.

Q: What is Jun Tsuji?
A: Jun Tsuji () was a Japanese writer who lived from 1884 to 1944. He wrote poems, essays, plays, and translations.

Q: What is Richard Howard?
A: Richard Joseph Howard (born Richard Joseph Orwitz; October 13, 1929 &ndash; March 31, 2022) was an American poet, literary critic, essayist, teacher, and translator. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Q: What is Arsenal F.C.?
A: Arsenal Football Club is an English football club based in London that currently plays in the English Premier League.

Q: What is Nils Aall Barricelli?
A: Nils Aall Barricelli (24 January 1912 &ndash; 27 January 1993) was a Norwegian-Italian mathematician. Barricelli's early computer-assisted experiments in symbiogenesis and evolution are considered pioneering in artificial life research.

Q: What is Fast casual restaurant?
A: A fast casual restaurant is a type of restaurant invented in the United States. It aims to fill the gap between fast food joints and more formal restaurants.

Q: What is Blame It on the Boogie?
A: "Blame It on the Boogie" is a disco song. It was originally released in 1978 both by English singer-songwriter Mick Jackson and (in its most famous version) by The Jacksons (no relation).

Q: What is Shawn Grate?
A: Shawn Michael Grate (born August 8, 1976) is an American convicted serial killer. He was born in Marion, Ohio.

Q: What is List of Indo-European languages?
A: List of Indo-European languages This list is of Indo-European languages. These languages all sprung from a common source called Proto-Indo-European.

Q: What is Wrongful life?
A: Wrongful life is a legal action in which someone is sued for not stopping the birth of a severely disabled child. In this type of lawsuit a child and the parents will sue a doctor or a hospital.

Q: What is Mercedes Roca?
A: Mercedes Roca is a volleyball player from Cuba. Mercedes competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Kvalsund Tunnel?
A: The Kvalsund Tunnel (Norwegian: ) is a road tunnel that connects two islands in Tromsø Municipality, Norway. It links Kvaløya and Ringvassøya through the Kvalsundet strait, between the towns of Sørhelltaren and Nordhella.

Q: What is G. M. C. Balayogi?
A: Ganti Mohana Chandra Balayogi (; 1 October 1951 – 3 March 2002) was an Indian lawyer and politician. He was the speaker of Lok Sabha from 1998 to 2002.

Q: What is Alexander Schmidt?
A: Alexander Schmidt (born January 19, 1998 in Vienna) is an Austrian football player. He plays as forward for the Austrian Football Bundesliga club FC Blau-Weiß Linz.

Q: What is Abu Shama?
A: Abū Shāma Shihāb al-Dīn al-Maḳdisī was a historian from Damascus. He was born in 1203 and died in 1267.

Q: What is Casalpusterlengo?
A: Casalpusterlengo is an Italian city in Lombardy. Casalpusterlengo is in the Province of Lodi.

Q: What is A Bad Goodbye?
A: "A Bad Goodbye" is a 1993 duet by country singer Clint Black and Wynonna Judd and is the leading single to his fourth studio album No Time to Kill. It went to number 43 in the United States and number 1 on the Canadian RPM Country Songs chart.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Confolens?
A: The arrondissement of Confolens is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Confolens.

Q: What is Antonio Cuenco?
A: Antonio "Tony" Veloso Cuenco (March 26, 1936 – June 27, 2020) was a Filipino politician. He was a council member for the 2nd District of Cebu City in the House of Representatives from 1965 to 1969, 1987 to 1998 and 2001 to 2010.

Q: What is The Freshman (1990 movie)?
A: The Freshman is a 1990 American crime comedy film. Andrew Bergman wrote and directed the film.

Q: What is Knocked Up?
A: Knocked Up is a 2007 American romantic sex comedy movie. It was directed by Judd Apatow, and stars Seth Rogen as Ben Stone and Katherine Heigl as Alison Scott.

Q: What is Römhild?
A: Römhild is a German city in the south of Thuringia. The next bigger cities are Hildburghausen and Coburg.

Q: What is TeleXitos?
A: TeleXitos is an American Spanish language television network owned by NBCUniversal Telemundo Enterprises. Aimed at Hispanic and Latino Americans

Q: What is My Own Prison?
A: My Own Prison is the debut studio album by Creed. The album was released on April 14, 1997 through Blue Collar Records.

Q: What is Joh Bjelke-Petersen?
A: Sir Johannes "Joh" Bjelke-Petersen (13 January 191123 April 2005), also nicknamed Sir Joh, was an Australian politician who served as the 31st Premier of Queensland. He was Queensland's longest-serving and longest-lived Premier.

Q: What is Lairikyengbam?
A: Lairikyengbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Q: What is Gurdeep Pandher?
A: Gurdeep Pandher is a Sikh-Canadian, Yukon-based author, teacher and performer, who makes Punjabi dance videos. Gurdeep was born into a farming family, in a small village in Siahar, Punjab.

Q: What is Marcos Arantes?
A: Marcos Arantes is a rower from Brazil. Arantes competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is New Year's Smash (2023)?
A: New Year's Smash (2023) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It took place on December 27, 2023 at Addition Financial Arena in Orlando, Florida.

Q: What is King Gnu?
A: King Gnu is a Japanese alternative rock band. The band is made up of 4 members: Daiki Tsuneta (guitar & vocal), Satoru Iguchi (keyboard & vocal), Kazuki Arai (bass) and Yu Seki (drum).

Q: What is A Sound Garden?
A: A Sound Garden is a public art work on NOAA property adjacent to Magnuson Park in Seattle, Washington. It was created in 1982 by Doug Hollis.

Q: What is Montagne, Gironde?
A: Montagne, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Nièvre?
A: Nièvre is a department in the centre of France, in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It is named after the Nièvre river, a tributary of the Loire.

Q: What is The Fourth Man (2007 movie)?
A: The Fourth Man is a 2007 Serbian action movie directed by Dejan Zečević and starring Nikola Kojo, Marija Karan, Dragan Petrović, Bogdan Diklić, Dragan Nikolić, Boris Milivojević, Radoslav Milenković, Feđa Stojanović

Q: What is Lede?
A: Lede is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders. In 2007, 17,195 people lived there.

Q: What is Courrendlin?
A: Courrendlin is a municipality in Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Rebeuvelier and Vellerat merged into the municipality of Courrendlin.

Q: What is Leila Otadi?
A: Leila Otadi () is an Iranian actress born on August 5, 1983Tehran, Iran. At age of 7, she had a chance to begin acting in film.

Q: What is Armed Islamic Group?
A: The Armed Islamic Group (GIA, from French Groupe Islamique Armé; Arabic الجماعة الإسلامية المسلّحة, al-Jama'ah al-Islamiyah al-Musallaha) was an Islamist terrorist organization based in Algeria. It wanted to overthrow the Algerian government and replace it with an Islamic state.

Q: What is Kentaro Miura?
A: (July 11, 1966May 6, 2021) was a Japanese manga artist. He was best known for his popular dark fantasy manga Berserk and is one of the best-selling manga series of all time.

Q: What is Necar Zadegan?
A: Necar Zadegan () (born June 20, 1982) is a German-born American actress. She was born in Heidelberg, Germany, but was raised in San Francisco, California.

Q: What is Walcheren?
A: Walcheren is a (former) island of the province of Zeeland, the Netherlands. In 2016 it had about 114,00 people.

Q: What is Jerzy Dietl?
A: Jerzy Dietl (28 April 1927 – 23 February 2021) was a Polish economist and politician. He was a Senator from 1989 until 1991.

Q: What is Alan J. Heeger?
A: Alan Jay Heeger (born January 22, 1936) is an American physicist and academic. He won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Q: What is Želiezovce?
A: Želiezovce or Zseliz (; ) is a town in the Levice District in the Nitra Region in Slovakia. It is on the river Hron.

Q: What is Laudenbach, Bavaria?
A: For other places with the same name, see Laudenbach (disambiguation) Laudenbach is a municipality in the Miltenberg district in the region of Lower Franconia in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the Administrative Community of Kleinheubach.

Q: What is Diphenhydramine?
A: Diphenhydramine (DPH) is an antihistamine medication. It is mainly used to treat by mouth, injected into a vein, injected into a muscle, or topical medication Common side effects include sleep Diphenhydramine was first made by George Rieveschl and was first used in 1946.

Q: What is Lui Muavesi?
A: Lui Muavesi is a retired middle-distance runner from Fiji. Lui competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Great northern bean?
A: Great Northern beans are beans that are white in color. They are characterized by their light flavor profile and their size.

Q: What is West Malling?
A: West Malling is a small market town in Tonbridge and Malling, Kent, England. Its postcode is ME19.

Q: What is Kirikou and the Wild Beasts (video game)?
A: Kirikou and the Wild Beasts is a video game developed by Wizarbox, published by Emme Interactive, and released in March 2007. It is an adaptation of the animated film Kirikou and the Wild Beasts by Michel Ocelot, released in 2005.

Q: What is Small intestine?
A: The small intestine is between the stomach and the large intestine, and is where most of the digestion and absorption happen. In humans over five years old, the small intestine is about 7.5 meters long.

Q: What is Fairford?
A: Fairford is a small town in Gloucestershire, England. The town is in the Cotswold hills on the River Coln, east of Cirencester, west of Lechlade and north of Swindon.

Q: What is Minny Luimstra-Albeda?
A: Mintje "Minny" Luimstra-Albeda (8 April 1935 – 3 December 2024) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal.

Q: What is Rock Band 2?
A: Rock Band 2 is an interactive music game by Harmonix. It is a sequel to the game Rock Band.

Q: What is Treponema pallidum?
A: Treponema pallidum is a parasitic spirochaete bacterium. There are different kinds of Treponema pallidum, which cause diseases like syphilis, bejel, pinta and yaws.

Q: What is Douglas B-66 Destroyer?
A: {| |} The Douglas B-66 Destroyer is an American strategic bomber. It was used by the US Air Force during the Cold War and the Vietnam War and was capable of carrying a nuclear weapon.

Q: What is Leona Helmsley?
A: Leona Helmsley (July 4, 1920 – August 20, 2007) was an American businesswoman. She was known for having a flamboyant personality.

Q: What is The Babysitter?
A: Killer Queen: The Babysitter: Killer Queen is a 2020 American comedy horror movie, directed and produced by McG, from a screenplay by McG, Dan Lagana, Brad Morris and Jimmy Warden. It is a sequel to the 2017 movie The Babysitter and stars Judah Lewis, Emily Alyn Lind, Jenna Ortega, Robbie Amell, Andrew Bachelor, Leslie Bibb, Hana Mae Lee, Bella Thorne, Samara Weaving, and Ken Marino.

Q: What is Geel?
A: Geel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. In 2007, there were 35,502 living there.

Q: What is Anglo-Norman?
A: The Anglo-Normans were mainly the sons, grandsons, etc. of the Normans living in England.

Q: What is The Mighty B!?
A: The Mighty B! is a Nickelodeon television program. It was made by Erik Wiese, Cynthia True and Amy Poehler.

Q: What is Paulding, Mississippi?
A: Paulding is the eastern county seat of Jasper County, Mississippi, United States. communities in Mississippi seats in Mississippi

Q: What is Broadwater County, Montana?
A: Broadwater County is a Townsend. The county was named for Charles Arthur Broadwater, a noted Montana railroad, real estate, and banking magnate.

Q: What is Amulya Patnaik?
A: Amulya Patnaik is a former Indian Police Service officer who served as the 21st Commissioner of Delhi Police from 30 January 2017 till 29 February 2020.

Q: What is Waterloo Sunset?
A: "Waterloo Sunset" is a 1967 song by British band The Kinks and was taken from their fifth studio album Something Else by The Kinks. It topped the single charts in the Netherlands and made the top 10 in Europe, Australia and New Zealand.

Q: What is Ayn?
A: Ayn might refer to: * Ayn, Savoie, a commune in the Savoie department in France * Ayn, Somalia, a province in northern Somalia * Ayn Rand, Russian writer * Objectivism (Ayn Rand), a gradualist philosophy * Wadi al Ayn, a wadi in Rub' al Khali, Oman

Q: What is Zoroastrianism?
A: at the Fire Temple of Yazd in Iran Zoroastrianism is an ancient Iranian religion created by Zoroaster, who lived in eastern ancient Iran around 1000 BC. Other names for Zoroastrianism are Mazdaism and Parsiism.

Q: What is Metro Station (band)?
A: Metro Station is an American pop punk band that was formed in 2007. The member consist of Mason Musso, Blake Healy , Anthony Improgo & Kenny Bozich.

Q: What is Balinese Hinduism?
A: Balinese Hinduism can be defined as a combination of 2 beliefs, the Shiva sect of Hinduism and Mahayana Buddhism. That is why it is often called the Shiva-Buddhist, Hindu-Dharma, Tirtha religions and also the Holy Water Religion.

Q: What is Thiès Region?
A: Thiès is a region in the west of Senegal. The regional capital is Thiès.

Q: What is Emperor?
A: An emperor (female equivalent: empress) is a male who rules an empire. The word is taken from the Latin language Imperator.

Q: What is Sylvius Leopold Weiss?
A: Sylvius Leopold Weiss (also spelled Silvius Leopold Weiss; 12 October 1687 – 16 October 1750) was a German composer and lutenist (somebody who plays the lute).

Q: What is Tom Hulce?
A: Thomas Edward Hulce (born December 6, 1953) is an American actor and singer known for voicing Quasimodo in The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996) and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart from Amadeus (1984).

Q: What is Washington, Indiana?
A: Washington is a city in Indiana in the United States. Plating of Washington took place in 1815.

Q: What is John Meyer (American football)?
A: John Edwin Meyer (February 20, 1942 – November 4, 2020) was an American professional football player and coach. He played as a linebacker for the Houston Oilers in the American Football League (AFL) in 1966.

Q: What is Reagent bottle?
A: A reagent bottle is a bottle designed to hold chemical liquids and solution for long-term storage. A reagent jar contains solid powder or crystals.

Q: What is Land transport?
A: Land transport or Land transportation is the movement of people, animals, and goods from one location to another on land. Today this is usually by rail or road transport.

Q: What is Decisecond?
A: The decisecond (ds) is a unit of time. It is part of the International System of Units.

Q: What is Wait Until Dark?
A: Wait Until Dark is a suspense-thriller movie from 1967. Audrey Hepburn plays a blind woman who is terrorized by three criminals looking for a doll stuffed with heroin.

Q: What is 110 (number)?
A: 110 (one hundred [and] ten) is the natural number after 109 and before 111. It is divisible by 1, 2, 5, 10, 11, 22, 55, and 110.

Q: What is Samuel Doe?
A: Samuel Kanyon Doe (6 May 1951 – 9 September 1990) was a Liberian politician. He was the Liberian leader from 1980 to 1990, first as a military leader and later as a civilian.

Q: What is Wester Ross?
A: Wester Ross is part of the Scottish county of Ross and Cromarty. It is in the northwest highlands.

Q: What is Wolf Koenig?
A: Wolf Koenig (October 17, 1927 &ndash; June 26, 2014) was a German-born Canadian movie director, producer, animator and cinematographer. He was a founder of Direct Cinema at the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).

Q: What is Auburn Hills, Michigan?
A: Auburn Hills is a city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Q: What is Ľudovít Lehen?
A: Ľudovít Lehen (3 June 1925 &ndash; 12 May 2014) was a Slovak painter and chess composer. His career began in 1977 with composing chess problems.

Q: What is Sea Island Centre station?
A: Sea Island Centre is a train station in Richmond, British Columbia. It is located at 5899 Grant McConachie Way.

Q: What is Lita Grey?
A: Lita Grey (born Lillita Louise MacMurray, April 15, 1908 – December 29, 1995), who was known for most of her life as Lita Grey Chaplin, was an American actress. She was the second wife of Charlie Chaplin.

Q: What is G-Man?
A: G-Man can be any of the following: * G-Man (slang), slang for Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, short for "Government Man" * G-Man (Half-Life), a fictional character in the Half-Life computer game series * The G-Man, a nickname for G. Gordon Liddy on his radio show * G-Man (British artist), minimal techno artist Gez Varley

Q: What is Relativism?
A: Relativism is the idea that points of view (POV) have no absolute truth or validity. They only have relative, subjective value according to viewpoint and circumstances.

Q: What is Foxtrot (1976 movie)?
A: Foxtrot, also known as The Far Side of Paradise, is a 1977 British Mexican movie directed by Arturo Ripstein and starring Peter O'Toole, Charlotte Rampling, Max von Sydow. It was distributed by New World Pictures.

Q: What is Purble Place?
A: Purble Place is a set of three learning games created by Oberon Media, which no longer exists, for Microsoft. These games were designed for Windows Vista and Windows 7.

Q: What is 112 (number)?
A: 112 (one hundred [and] twelve) is the natural number after 111 and before 113. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 7, 8, 14, 16, 28, 56, and 112.

Q: What is Tucson Mall?
A: Tucson Mall is known to be the biggest and most recognizable mall in Tucson. It opened in 1982, and has grown a lot since then for over 40 years.

Q: What is Tribunal?
A: A tribunal is a person or an institution with the authority and power to judge. For example, a court of justice is a tribunal.

Q: What is James Whalen?
A: James Whalen (April 29, 1869 – June 4, 1929) was a Canadian businessperson and entrepreneur based in Port Arthur, Ontario, now part of Thunder Bay, Ontario, with interests in the forest industries, shipbuilding, dredging, and towing. He began as a timber contractor in the 1890s, he built an impressive business empire in various Great Lakes marine businesses.

Q: What is Probable prime?
A: In mathematics, particularly number theory, a probable prime is a whole number that is likely to be prime by having passed a probabilistic test such as Fermat's primality test. Probable primes may be composite, but the tests are designed so they are really unlikely to be composite.

Q: What is Robert Lighthizer?
A: Robert Emmet Lighthizer (born October 11, 1947) is an Americans Lighthizer is a partner with the law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, where he works to gain access to foreign markets on behalf of U.S. corporations.

Q: What is America Ferrera?
A: America Georgina Ferrera (born April 18, 1984) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actress. She is best known for her role as Betty Suarez in Ugly Betty.

Q: What is Vasyok Trubachyov and His Comrades?
A: Vasyok Trubachyov and His Comrades () is a 1955 Soviet adventure movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Oleg Vishnev, Aleksandr Chudakov, and Vladimir Semenovich.

Q: What is Konjac?
A: Konjac ( ; Amorphophallus konjac; syn. A.

Q: What is Li Kwoh-ting?
A: Li Kwoh-ting (born January 28, 1910 – died May 31, 2001) was a Taiwanese economist and politician, best known as the "father of Taiwan's economic miracle." The New York Times called him the "godfather of technology" for his work in changing Taiwan's economy from farming into one of the world's leading producers of information and Telecommunication

Q: What is Labour?
A: Labor might mean: *Labour (economics) *Labour (constituency), a constituency in Hong Kong *Labor Day, a holiday in Canada and the United States *Childbirth, the process of a mother about to give birth

Q: What is Marrakesh?
A: , the Pasha of Morocco from 1912-1956 Marrakesh, or Marrakech (Berber: ; ) is an important city in the African country of Morocco. It is the fourth largest city in the country.

Q: What is Michael Michele?
A: Michael Michele (born August 30, 1966 near Evansville, Indiana) is an American television and movie actress. She played Selina in the 1991 movie New Jack City.

Q: What is Wohlen bei Bern?
A: Wohlen bei Bern is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is made of 12 villages: Hinterkappelen, Illiswil, Innerberg, Möriswil, Murzelen, Oberdettigen, Säriswil, Steinisweg, Uettligen, Unterdettigen, Weissenstein and Wickacker.

Q: What is Going Underground?
A: "Going Underground" was The Jam's first number one song on the UK charts. The song is arguably The Jam's finest moment in their career.

Q: What is Sela Ward?
A: Sela Ann Ward (born July 11, 1956) is an American Emmy and Golden Globe Award winning movie and television actress. She was in the NBC television series Sisters.

Q: What is German Bundestag?
A: The German Bundestag (commonly referred to as Bundestag) is the legislature of Germany. It meets in Berlin, in the Reichstag building, which was specially rebuilt ready for the Bundestag to move from Bonn.

Q: What is Shovit Basnet?
A: Shovit Basnet is a Nepali Film Industry actor and director. He had directed dozens of super-hit Nepali films.

Q: What is Bush (band)?
A: Bush were a British post-grunge band, formed in London in 1992. Their debut album was the self-released Sixteen Stone in 1994.

Q: What is Nischal Narayanam?
A: Nischal Narayanam is an Indian child prodigy and India's youngest chartered accountant. He completed his post-graduation in mathematics & commerce at the age of 19 from Osmania University, Hyderabad.

Q: What is Diananda Choirunisa?
A: Diananda Choirunisa is an Indonesian archer. She was born on 16 March 1997.

Q: What is Registration?
A: Registration is a method of officially recording something. Usually something is registered to claim more rights, or to protect ownership, or because the law says it must be registered to be used legally.

Q: What is Big Blue River (Kansas)?
A: The Big Blue River is the biggest tributary of the Kansas River. The river is about long.

Q: What is Money, Money, Money?
A: "Money Money Money" is an ABBA single. The song was released in November 1976.

Q: What is Iroquois?
A: The Iroquois (), also known as the Haudenosaunee or the "People of the Longhouse", Today, the Iroquois live mostly in New York and Canada. The Iroquois League has also been called the Iroquois Confederacy.

Q: What is Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God?
A: The Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God was a new religious movement in Uganda. It was a doomsday cult which predicted that the mass-murdered almost 1000 of their followers by poisoning them or making children work in a school they operated.

Q: What is Lluta River?
A: The Lluta is a river in the Atacama Desert. It is the most northern of the great transversal Chilean rivers that start in the Andes and flow into the Pacific Ocean.

Q: What is Jurassic Park (novel)?
A: Jurassic Park is a 1990 science fiction novel by Michael Crichton. It was made into a movie in 1993 directed by Steven Spielberg.

Q: What is Saal an der Saale?
A: Saal an der Saale is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Fränkische Saale.

Q: What is Balokassar?
A: Balokassar is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil.

Q: What is Today I Am a Clown?
A: "Today I Am a Clown" is the 6th episode of The Simpsons director of the episode. In the episode, Krusty the Clown gets help from his father Hyman to have a bar mitzvah.

Q: What is Monica Rial?
A: Monica Rial is an American voice actress. She voices various anime characters such as Stocking in Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt.

Q: What is Shigeru Miyamoto gameography?
A: The Shigeru Miyamoto gameography includes all video games directed, produced, or designed by Shigeru Miyamoto. Hired in 1977 at Nintendo Co, Ltd.

Q: What is Bill Elliott?
A: William Clyde Elliott (born October 8, 1955) is an American racecar driver. He drove in the Sprint Cup Series He won the 1988 Sprint Cup, and was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 2007.

Q: What is On Her Majesty's Secret Service?
A: On Her Majesty's Secret Service is a James Bond movie. It was released in 1969.

Q: What is Aster (genus)?
A: Aster is a genus of flowering plants. It belongs in the family Asteraceae.

Q: What is Felipe Quispe?
A: Felipe Quispe Huanca "Mallku" (Quechua language: "condor"; 22 August 1942 &ndash; 19 January 2021) was a Bolivian historian and political leader. He was the leader of the Pachakuti Indigenous Movement (MIP) and was general secretary of the United Union Confederation of Working Peasants of Bolivia (CSUTCB).

Q: What is Vitebsk Region?
A: Vitebsk Region, Vitsebsk Voblast, or Vitebsk Oblast is a region (voblast) of Belarus. The administrative center is Vitebsk (Viciebsk).

Q: What is Ise, Mie?
A: is a city located in central Mie Prefecture on the island of Honshu, Japan. It was previously called Ujiyamada.

Q: What is Laughing gull?
A: The laughing gull (Leucophaeus atricilla) is a type of gull in North and South America. Laughing gulls are omnivores, they eat plants and animals.

Q: What is I Just Can't Stop Loving You?
A: "I Just Can't Stop Loving You" is a song by American singer Michael Jackson, featuring singer and songwriter Siedah Garrett. It's a ballad expressing deep love and devotion, and it was released as part of his 1987 album Bad.

Q: What is Moncef Ben Salem?
A: Moncef Ben Salem (; February 1, 1953 – March 24, 2015) was a Tunisian politician and university professor. He served as the Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research under Prime Minister Hamadi Jebali.

Q: What is List of vice presidents of the Philippines?
A: This is a complete list of vice-presidents of the Philippines, who were inaugurated as Vice-President of the Philippines following the ratification of a constitution that explicitly declared the existence of the Philippines.

Q: What is Timbre?
A: Timbre is a quality of sound. It is what makes two different musical instruments sound different from each other, even when each instrument plays the same musical note.

Q: What is Qui Nguyen?
A: Qui Nguyen (born 1977) is a Vietnamese-American poker player from Las Vegas, Nevada. He won the 2016 World Series of Poker Main Event, earning $8,005,310.

Q: What is FM Towns Marty?
A: The FM Towns Marty was the world's first 32-bit game console (not the Amiga CD32, which was only in Europe and North America). It was one of the first CD-based consoles and the first made for gaming rather than high-end PC-like systems, like the Amiga CDTV and Phillips CDi.

Q: What is Ichthyology?
A: Ichthyology is the scientific study of fish. The term Ichthyology is derived from the Greek words ichthyus, meaning fish, and logos, meaning knowledge.

Q: What is Nitrile?
A: . Nitrile is a functional group in organic chemistry.

Q: What is Uilleann pipes?
A: The uilleann pipes are the national bagpipe of Ireland. They were first known in English as "union pipes".

Q: What is Outsider in the White House?
A: Outsider in the White House is a political memoir written by Huck Gutman and Bernie Sanders. It was first published as Outsider in the House in 1997.

Q: What is Rama Jois?
A: Justice Mandagadde Rama Jois (27 July 1931 &ndash; 16 February 2021) was an Indian politician, activist and writer. He was a member of Rajya Sabha for the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Q: What is First City Monument Bank?
A: First City Monument Bank (FCMB), a member of FCMB Group Plc. It is a financial services holding company headquartered in Lagos, Nigeria.

Q: What is Yasinta Aurellia?
A: Yasinta Aurellia (Hanacaraka: ꦪꦱꦶꦤ꧀ꦠꦄꦲꦸꦫꦺꦭ꧀ꦭꦶꦪ; born October 2, 2003) is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Supranational 2023 pageant in Malopolska, Poland and finished in the top 24.

Q: What is Washington County, Kansas?
A: Washington County (standard abbreviation: WS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas.

Q: What is Alfa Romeo D2?
A: The Alfa Romeo D2 piston engine was produced from 1931 to 1934. In this 3 years there where 600 build.

Q: What is Femoral artery?
A: The femoral artery is the large artery that takes oxygen rich blood to a human's legs. Coming from the heart the blood flows along the iliac artery which then divides into the two (bifurcates) femoral arteries, to supply blood to each leg.

Q: What is Volcano rabbit?
A: , Mexico The volcano rabbit (also known as teporingo or zacatuche) is a small rabbit native to Mexico. The rabbit lives on about 280 square kilometers of land in central Mexico.

Q: What is Lutzingen?
A: Lutzingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Höchstädt an der Donau.

Q: What is Deaths in January 2022?
A: The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in January 2022. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months".

Q: What is Degree (angle)?
A: Infobox Unit|Non-SI accepted unit|turns|gons It is not an SI unit. The SI uses radian to measure plane angle.

Q: What is Contactor?
A: A contactor is an electric device to switch an electric circuit. It is controlled electrically for it to switch on or switch off the circuit.

Q: What is Exabyte?
A: An exabyte (EB) is a unit of measurement for data equal to 1000 petabytes (PB) or a quintillion (1,000,000,000,000,000,000) bytes. An exabyte is large enough that it would take about 250,000 high-end home computers or 1,000,000 average home computers to store this amount of data.

Q: What is The Good Earth (movie)?
A: The Good Earth is a 1937 American romantic drama movie directed by Sidney Franklin, Gustav Machatý and Victor Fleming. It was based on the 1931 novel of the same name by Pearl S.

Q: What is Mike MacDonald?
A: Mike Allan MacDonald (June 21, 1954 &ndash; March 17, 2018) was a Canadian stand-up comedian and actor. He wrote and appeared in several movies, including Mr.

Q: What is Leo Ortolani?
A: Leonardo Ortolani (born 14 January 1967), better known as Leo, is an Italian comics author. He is known as the creator of the popular comic strip series Rat-Man and Venerdì 12.

Q: What is Veendam?
A: Veendam is a municipality in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. In 2019, 27,491 people lived there.

Q: What is Chin Chiu-yueh?
A: Chin Chiu-Yueh (born 1 February 1968) is a Taiwanese archer. Chin competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is SimCity DS?
A: SimCity DS, or SimCity Creator, is a simulation video game made in 2007 by Electronic Arts. The player can build a city, while trying to keep it healthy.

Q: What is Olivia Geerolf?
A: Olivia Geerolf (1950 – 20 January 2023) was a Belgian choreographer. She founded the Bruges Ballet School in Bruges in 1970 (now named the Ballet Olivia Geerolf).

Q: What is Alexander Esenin-Volpin?
A: Alexander Sergeyevich Esenin-Volpin (also written Ésénine-Volpine and Yessenin-Volpin in his French and English publications; ; May 12, 1924 March 16, 2016) was a Soviet-born American poet and mathematician. He was a known dissident, political prisoner and a leader of the Soviet human rights movement.

Q: What is Aligudarz?
A: Aligudarz () is a city in Lorestan province, Iran. It is the capital of Aligudarz County.

Q: What is Tali Tali Pompey?
A: Tali Tali Pompey (about 1945/1947 &ndash; 16 November 2011) was an Aboriginal artist from central Australia. She had a short career as an artist, beginning only in 2002.

Q: What is Shake Away?
A: Ojo de Culebra () is the sixth studio album by Mexican Latin singer Lila Downs. This album was recorded in New York and Mexico.

Q: What is Literary genre?
A: A literary genre means the style of a certain piece of literature, such as a book. Several common ones are epic, comedy, tragedy, novel, and short story.

Q: What is American Pit Bull Terrier?
A: The American Pit Bull Terrier is a dog breed. It is a medium-sized, solidly-built, short-haired dog.

Q: What is Plastic?
A: A plastic is a material that can change its shape easily. Many things are made of plastics, usually because making them to the right shape is easy.

Q: What is Joe Turkel?
A: Joe Turkel (July 15, 1927 - June 27, 2022) is an American character actor of movie and television. He is mostly known for his roles in Blade Runner and in The Shining.

Q: What is Powell, Ohio?
A: Powell is a city in Delaware County, Ohio, United States. establishments in the United States establishments in the Northwest Territory in Delaware County, Ohio

Q: What is Tropical Storm Franklin (2005)?
A: Tropical Storm Franklin was a strong tropical storm that stayed in the western Atlantic Ocean for much of its life. Franklin was the sixth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season and almost became a hurricane two times.

Q: What is Wey Lanshan?
A: The Wey Lanshan is a full-size Luxury Crossover SUV made by Wey a brand of Great Wall Motors (GWM) since 2023.

Q: What is Push-pull aircraft?
A: . A push-pull aircraft is a type of aircraft whose principle is a twin engine.

Q: What is WrestleMania VII?
A: WrestleMania VII was the seventh annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event. It was produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE).

Q: What is Virginia Halas McCaskey?
A: Virginia Halas McCaskey (January 5, 1923 &ndash; February 6, 2025) was the principal owner of the Chicago Bears of the National Football League. She was the eldest child of legendary Bears coach and owner George Halas, who left the team to his daughter upon his death in 1983.

Q: What is Dysgenics?
A: Dysgenics (also called cacogenics) is the belief that peoples' genes may get worse over the course of generations. The adjective "dysgenics" is the antonym of "eugenics".

Q: What is Kamen Rider Gotchard?
A: is a Japanese Tokusatsu television series. The drama series is the 34th series of Toei Company's Kamen Rider metaseries.

Q: What is Lemma?
A: Lemma may refer to: * Lemma (mathematics), a proven statement that is used to prove another statement * Lemma (linguistics), the canonical form of a word. They are the head words in a dictionary.

Q: What is Fontainebleau?
A: Fontainebleau () is a commune in the metropolitan area of Paris, France. It is south-southeast of the centre of Paris.

Q: What is August 2021 Gulf of Oman incident?
A: On 3 August 2021 the asphalt tanker Asphalt Princess, travelling from Khor Fakkan, UAE to the Sohar, Oman, was attacked and boarded in the Gulf of Oman. In August 2021, Asphalt Princess was reported to have been hijacked in the Gulf of Oman, 60 miles to the east the port of Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates.

Q: What is Ben Drowned?
A: Ben Drowned (originally titled Haunted Majora's Mask Cartridge, often displayed as BEN DROWNED or BEN Drowned) is the title of an alternate reality game started in 2010 by Alex Hall. The story was originally written as a series of posts and videos by a college student plagued by a haunted copy of The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask.

Q: What is Aspach?
A: Aspach is the name or part of the name of several places: * Aspach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany * Aspach, Thuringia, Germany * Aspach, Upper Austria, Austria * Aspach, Moselle, in the Moselle department, France * Aspach, Haut-Rhin, in the Haut-Rhin department, France * Aspach-le-Bas, in the Haut-Rhin department * Aspach-le-Haut, in the Haut-Rhin department

Q: What is Banca, Pyrénées-Atlantiques?
A: Banca, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département in the southwestern part of France. Banca, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Q: What is Lewiston, Idaho?
A: Lewiston is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is the third-largest city in Idaho Panhandle.

Q: What is Brooke Vincent?
A: Brooke Levi Vincent (born 4 June 1992) is an English actress. She is known for her role as Sophie Webster in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street, which she played from 2004 to 2019.

Q: What is Susumu Kitagawa?
A: is a Japanese chemist. His works focuses on coordination chemistry and metal-organic frameworks in particular.

Q: What is Joe Montana?
A: Joseph Clifford Montana, Jr. (Commonly known as God) (born June 11, 1956) is a retired American Hall of Fame American football

Q: What is Blaenau Ffestiniog railway station?
A: Blaenau Ffestiniog railway station () is a train station in Blaenau Ffestiniog, Wales. It opened in 1868.

Q: What is A* search algorithm?
A: A* is a set of steps (an algorithm) that computers can use to figure out how to get somewhere fast between two places. If you have a list of locations, and how hard it is to get from one straight to the other, using A* can quickly tell you the fastest way.

Q: What is Baie-Comeau Drakkar?
A: The Baie-Comeau Drakkar are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1997.

Q: What is Alberto-Culver?
A: Alberto-Culver was an American corporation. Its brands included Alberto VO5, Andrew Collnge, St.

Q: What is Baluchistan States Union?
A: The Baluchistan States Union existed between 3 October 1952 and 14 October 1955 in modern southwest Pakistan. It was formed by the states of Kalat, Kharan, Las Bela and Makran with the capital at the town of Kalat.

Q: What is Ulysses (spacecraft)?
A: Ulysses was a spacecraft (or space probe). It was a joint mission by NASA and ESA.

Q: What is Garadna?
A: Garadna is a village in Encs District in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County, Hungary. In 2024, 357 people lived there.

Q: What is Kevin James?
A: Kevin George Knipfing (born April 26, 1965), known professionally as Kevin James, is an American comedian and Emmy Award-nominated actor. He is known for his portrayal of lead character Doug Heffernan on the television sitcom The King Of Queens, and Eric Lamonsoff in Grown Ups and Grown Ups 2.

Q: What is Hernádszurdok?
A: Hernádszurdok (Slovak: Surdok) is a village in Gönc District in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County, Hungary. In 2024, 203 people lived there.

Q: What is Koenraad Elst?
A: Koenraad Elst (born 7 August 1959) is a Belgian author, orientalist and Indologist. Elst is known for his writings in support for the Out of India theory.

Q: What is Cowbird?
A: nest, with one Brown-headed Cowbird egg looking very different from the host eggs Cowbirds are birds of the genus Molothrus. They are brood parasites, similar in life-style to the Cuckoo.

Q: What is Manchester United W.F.C.?
A: Manchester United Women Football Club is a professional football club. It is located in the Salford suburb of Broughton, Greater Manchester, England.

Q: What is Mickey 17?
A: Mickey 17 is a 2025 American South Korean science fiction comedy movie directed by Bong Joon-ho and was based on the 2022 novel Mickey7 by Edward Ashton.

Q: What is Equatorial Guinea at the Olympics?
A: Equatorial Guinea was first at the Olympic Games in 1984. They have been in every Summer Olympic Games since then.

Q: What is Saroj Khan?
A: Saroj Khan (born Nirmala Nagpal; 22 November 1948&nbsp;– 3 July 2020) was an Indian dance choreographer in Hindi cinema. She was born at the Bombay State (present day Maharashtra), India.

Q: What is Commune of Llico?
A: Llico was one of the communes that was part of the department of Vichuquén, in the province of Curicó. The 1907 Chilean census established it had a population of 8.430 inhabitants.

Q: What is Brazilian slender-legged tree frog?
A: The Brazilian slender-legged tree frog (Osteocephalus subtilis) is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Brazil and Colombia.

Q: What is Sergey Koltakov?
A: Sergey Mikhailovich Koltakov (; December 10, 1955 &ndash; September 7, 2020) was a Russian actor. He was born in Barnaul, Altai Krai, Soviet Union.

Q: What is Neil Diamond?
A: Neil Leslie Diamond (born January 24, 1941) is an Billboard Adult Contemporary charts, including "Sweet Caroline". His first recording was "Solitary Man" in 1966.

Q: What is Happy Together?
A: "Happy Together" is a 1967 song by the 1960s American rock group The Turtles. It was originally released on the album of the same name.

Q: What is Social network service?
A: A social network is a website or service where people talk to or connect with other people. A Social Network Service can connect people with the same interests (like football, schools, dogs) and friends.

Q: What is Nashik?
A: Nashik, also spelled as Nasik is a city in the northwest of Maharashtra State, India. It has 1,620,000 people.

Q: What is Horizontal gene transfer?
A: Horizontal gene transfer (HGT) (or Lateral gene transfer) is how an organism gets genetic material from another organism without being the offspring of that organism. By contrast, vertical transfer occurs when an organism gets genetic material from its ancestor, e.g., its parent or a species from which it has evolved.

Q: What is Gion Festival?
A: The Gion Festival or Gion Matsuri is a festival held every year in Kyoto in July. The festival is held at Yasaka shrine.

Q: What is Tuvya Ruebner?
A: Tuvya Ruebner, also Rübner (; 30 January 1924 – 29 July 2019) was an Israeli poet, editor, translator and photographer. He was born in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia.

Q: What is Filmation?
A: Filmation Associates or Filmation Studios or just Filmation was an American production company that wikt:produce

Q: What is Tunç Başaran?
A: Tunç Başaran (October 1, 1938 – December 18, 2019) was a Turkish screenwriter, movie director, movie producer and actor. He was born in Istanbul.

Q: What is Portuguese?
A: Portuguese might mean: *Anything related to Portugal, a country in Europe *Portuguese language *Portuguese people *Portuguese Empire

Q: What is Luling, Louisiana?
A: Luling is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Q: What is Loanword?
A: A loanword is a word that is adopted by a language that comes from another language. Since people who speak different languages often need to talk to each other, it is actually very common for languages to "borrow" words from other languages.

Q: What is Acute angle?
A: An acute angle ("acute" meaning "small") is an angle smaller than a right angle. The range of an acute angle is between 0 and 90 degrees, or between 0 and \frac{\pi}{2} radians.

Q: What is Steak?
A: steak steak. Steak is a slice off a larger piece of meat, usually beef.

Q: What is Calamites?
A: Calamities were horsetail like trees that went extinct about 250 to 360 million years ago. These plants were medium-sized trees, growing to heights of 30-50 meters and about 100-160 feet.

Q: What is Abdur Rahman ibn Yusuf Mangera?
A: Mufti Abdur-Rahman ibn Yusuf Mangera (born 1974) is a Sunni Muslim religious scholar and writer. He is the founder of White Thread Institute and ZamZam Academy.

Q: What is Keizō Takemi?
A: is a Japanese politician who was the Minister of Health, Labour, and Welfare from 2023 to 2024. He is a member of the Liberal Democratic Party.

Q: What is Alfred Hütter?
A: Alfred Hütter was an Austrian radio journalist. He played a key role in helping the programming of the Ö3 programme, Die Musicbox.

Q: What is Bangladesh Manipuri Sahitya Sangsad?
A: The Bangladesh Manipuri Sahitya Sangsad () is a literary society that works for the development of Meitei language (officially called Manipuri language) and culture in the People's Republic of Bangladesh. Its name is usually shortened as BAMSAS.

Q: What is Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers?
A: Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers is a commune of 246 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Trier?
A: Trier is a city at the Moselle River in Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany. The population is about 100,000.

Q: What is Emily VanCamp?
A: Emily VanCamp (born May 12, 1986) is a Canadian actress. She is most known for her roles in the WB series Everwood as Amy Abbott, as Rebecca Harper in the ABC series Brothers & Sisters, and as Emily Thorne/Amanda Clarke in the ABC series Revenge.

Q: What is Malya Teamay?
A: Malya Teamay is an Aboriginal Australian Aboriginal art Teamay was born in 1947, at Curtin Springs, a cattle station in the southwest of the Northern Territory. His family was Pitjantjatjara.

Q: What is Krk (town)?
A: Krk () is a town in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, Croatia. It is the main settlement of the island of Krk.

Q: What is Austrian people?
A: Austrians () are the citizens and nationals of Austria. The English term Austrians was used for the population of Habsburg Austria from the 17th or 18th century.

Q: What is Cleisthenes?
A: ". Modern bust, on view at the Ohio Statehouse, USA Cleisthenes was a noble Athenian of the Alcmaeonid family.

Q: What is Lorgies?
A: Lorgies is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Governor-General of Solomon Islands?
A: The governor-general of Solomon Islands is the vice-regal representative of the Solomon Islands' monarch. The governor-general is appointed by the monarch after their nomination by the National Parliament by vote.

Q: What is James Gammon?
A: Richard Gammon (April 20, 1940 – July 16, 2010) was an American actor and entertainer. He was known for his role as Ulysses S.

Q: What is Héninel?
A: Héninel is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Mesolithic?
A: The Mesolithic was a period in the development of human technology between the Paleolithic and Neolithic periods of the Stone Age. In the Palaeolithic, people were pure hunter-gatherers.

Q: What is Etchū Province?
A: ) with Etchu Province highlighted was an old province of Japan in the area of Toyama Prefecture on the island of Honshū.Echizen and Echigo Provinces, it was sometimes called . The province had borders with Echigo, Shinano, Hida, Kaga, and Noto provinces.

Q: What is Hey (band)?
A: Hey is a Polish rock band. It was started by Piotr Banach and Kasia Nosowska in 1991.

Q: What is Saint Lucy?
A: window of Saint Lucy, Dordogne, France Saint Lucy was born in Italy. Lucy’s mother tried to arrange a marriage for her.

Q: What is Amber Benson?
A: Amber Nicole Benson(born January 8, 1977) is an American actress, writer, movie director, and movie producer. She is best known for her role as "Tara Maclay", on the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.

Q: What is Eucharist?
A: celebration of the Eucharist The Eucharist, also called Holy Communion, the sacrament, or the Lord's supper, is a religious ritual in many Christian churches. It is especially important to Catholics, who believe it is necessary for salvation.

Q: What is Yech (letter)?
A: Yech, or Êch (majuscule: Ե; minuscule: ե; Armenian: եչ) is the fifth letter of the Armenian alphabet. It is created by Mesrop Mashtots in the 5th century AD.

Q: What is Kazakh Wikipedia?
A: The Kazakh Wikipedia is the Kazakh-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition started in June 2002.

Q: What is Ichinoseki, Iwate?
A: is a city in the south of Iwate Prefecture, Japan and on the Iwai River. After Morioka and Ōshū, it is the third largest city in the prefecture.

Q: What is A Span of Earth?
A: A Span of Earth () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrey Smirnov and Boris Yashin. It stars Aleksandr Zbruyev, Elliya Sukhanova, and Yevgeni Urbansky.

Q: What is Hachiman?
A: Yahata, which was originally pronounced as "hachiman" in ancient Shinto, is a syncretic deity in Japanese religion. He is associated with archery and war, and is a combination of both Shinto and Buddhist beliefs.

Q: What is Alexander Tilloch Galt?
A: Sir Alexander Tilloch Galt, (Born September 6, 1817, died September 19, 1893) was a politician and a father of the Canadian Confederation. He began working in Canada with the British American Land Company in Lower Canada's Eastern Townships.

Q: What is De novo lipogenesis?
A: De novo lipogenesis (DNL) is a complex and highly regulated metabolic pathway. In normal conditions DNL converts excess carbohydrate into fatty acids that are then esterified to storage triacylglycerols (TGs).

Q: What is Acrobat (U2 song)?
A: "Acrobat" is a 1991 song by Irish rock group U2 and is the 11th track from their seventh studio album Achtung Baby. The song lyrics is about alienation and confusion.

Q: What is All My Life (K-Ci & JoJo song)?
A: "All My Life" is a 1998 love ballad song by American duo K-Ci & JoJo and is the third single from their debut studio album Love Always. It topped the single charts in the United States, New Zealand, Australia and the Netherlands and made number 8 in the United Kingdom and Canada.

Q: What is Kuntala Kumari Sabat?
A: Kuntala Kumari Sabat (8 February 1901 – 23 August 1938) was an Odia poet during colonial India. Kuntala Kumari Sabat was born on 8 February 1901, at Jagadalpur in Bastar region.

Q: What is Hanged, drawn and quartered?
A: To be hanged, drawn and quartered was a punishment in England used for men found guilty of treason. The full punishment was made up of the following - the victim was: # Dragged, usually by a horse, on a wooden frame to the place where he was to be publicly put to death.

Q: What is Hurricane Idalia?
A: Hurricane Idalia was a 2023 Atlantic tropical cyclone. The storm first affected Quintana Roo in the Mexican Yucatan Peninsula and western Cuba.

Q: What is Conrad Bain?
A: Conrad Stafford Bain (February 4, 1923 &ndash; January 14, 2013) was a Canadian-American actor. He was best known for his role as Phillip Drummond in the sitcom Diff'rent Strokes and as Dr.

Q: What is Non-Stop (movie)?
A: Non-Stop is a 2014 French-American action thriller/mystery movie directed by Jaume Collet-Serra. It was produced by Joel Silver.

Q: What is Deaths in November 2018?
A: The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in November 2018. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months".

Q: What is Jock Sturges?
A: Jock Sturges (born 1947) is an American photographer. He is most well known for taking photographs of young people, often in the nude.

Q: What is Aragon, Aude?
A: Aragon, Aude is a commune of 453 people (1999). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Q: What is Fashion week?
A: A fashion week is a fashion industry event lasting about one week. This is where fashion designers, brands or "houses" show their latest clothing in runway shows to buyers and the media.

Q: What is Naruhito?
A: is the current emperor of Japan. Naruhito is the eldest son of former emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko of Japan.

Q: What is Folks!?
A: Folks! is a 1992 American black comedy movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and stars Tom Selleck, Don Ameche, Anne Jackson, Christine Ebersole, Wendy Crewson, Jon Favreau. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Gösta Ekman?
A: Hans Gösta Gustaf Ekman (28 July 1939 – 1 April 2017) was a Swedish actor. He was best known for his roles in Martin Beck and Jönssonligan movies.

Q: What is Genetically modified food?
A: Genetically modified food (GM food) is food which has been produced using organisms that have been engineered genetically (GM organisms). GM food contains GM organisms.

Q: What is Ryan Drummond?
A: Ryan Drummond (born January 10, 1973) is an American actor, voice actor, mime and comedian. He is best known for voicing Sonic the Hedgehog in several installments of the Sonic the Hedgehog series from 1998 to 2004.

Q: What is Certificate?
A: A certificate is a document for authentication of something. It may be an award that can be given to people.

Q: What is Virgin Soil Upturned (1939 movie)?
A: Virgin Soil Upturned () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Gavriil Belov, Sergei Blinnikov, and Mikhail Bolduman.

Q: What is Grimsby (movie)?
A: Grimsby (released as The Brothers Grimsby in North America) is a 2016 British American spy action comedy movie directed by Louis Leterrier and starring Sacha Baron Cohen, Mark Strong, Isla Fisher, Rebel Wilson, Penélope Cruz, Gabourey Sidibe, Annabelle Wallis, Ian McShane. It was distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing and was a box office failure.

Q: What is Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery?
A: The Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, (the full name is Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the Slave Trade, and Institutions and Practices Similar to Slavery), is a 1956 United Nations treaty. It added to the 1926 Slavery Convention.

Q: What is Cherokee County, South Carolina?
A: Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Carolina.

Q: What is Georgi Markov (footballer)?
A: Georgi Markov (; 20 January 1972 – 18 February 2018) was a Bulgarian footballer. He played as a defender.

Q: What is Messier 38?
A: Messier 38 or M38, also known as NGC 1912, is an open cluster of stars in the constellation of Auriga. It is about away from Earth.

Q: What is Ruth Rendell?
A: Ruth Barbara Rendell, Baroness Rendell of Babergh (née Grasemann; 17 February 1930 &ndash; 2 May 2015), also known as Barbara Vine, was an English writer. She wrote mostly psychological thrillers and murder mysteries.

Q: What is Ricky Hunter?
A: Charles B. Sprott (March 1, 1936 – February 8, 2022) was a Canadian professional wrestler.

Q: What is Alec McCowen?
A: Alexander Duncan "Alec" McCowen CBE (May 26, 1925 &ndash; February 6, 2017) was an English movie, television, stage, radio, and voice actor who was known for his roles in Frenzy, Gangs of New York, Never Say Never Again, The Age of Innocence, and in Travels with My Aunt. McCowen was born on May 26, 1925 in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent.

Q: What is Operation Ichi-Go?
A: Operation Ichi-Go (or "Operation Number One") was a series of battles between the armies of Japan and China. The battles happened between April and December 1944.

Q: What is Craywick?
A: Craywick is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 668 people lived there.

Q: What is James Braid?
A: James Braid (1795 - 1860) was a Scottish surgeon and Hypnotism He was born in Portmoak, Scotland. He died in of an illness in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester.

Q: What is Steve Yzerman?
A: Stephen Gregory "Steve" Yzerman (born May 9, 1965) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre and current general manager of the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League. Yzerman played his entire National Hockey League (NHL) career with the Detroit Red Wings and is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame.

Q: What is Norman Mineta?
A: Norman Yoshio Mineta (, Mineta Yoshio; November 12, 1931 &ndash; May 3, 2022) was an American politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party, Mineta most recently served in President George W.

Q: What is Antoine Dufour?
A: Antoine Dufour is a French-Canadian guitarist. Dufour is famous for his fingerstyle guitar playing.

Q: What is One Little Indian (movie)?
A: One Little Indian is a 1973 American family Western comedy movie directed by Bernard McEveety and starring James Garner, Vera Miles, Pat Hingle, Morgan Woodward, Jodie Foster, Robert Pine, Bruce Glover and Andrew Prine. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

Q: What is Tabi?
A: sandals. Tabi are traditional Japanese socks.

Q: What is The Best Damn Tour?
A: Live in Toronto: The Best Damn Tour – Live in Toronto is a DVD from Avril Lavigne that was recorded in Toronto, Canada on April 7, 2008. The DVD is made up of nineteen songs that Lavigne sang during her "Best Damn Tour".

Q: What is Vladimir Bukovsky?
A: Vladimir Konstantinovich Bukovsky (; 30 December 1942 &ndash; 27 October 2019) was a Russian-born British human rights activist and writer. From the late 1950s to the mid-1970s, he was a known figure in the Soviet dissident movement.

Q: What is CD Condal?
A: Club Deportivo Condal was a Spanish football club based in Barcelona. It was founded in 1934 and dissolved in 1970.

Q: What is Lyn Nofziger?
A: Franklyn Curran "Lyn" Nofziger (June 8, 1924&nbsp;– March 27, 2006) was an American journalist, conservative Republican political consultant and author. He was press secretary in Ronald Reagan's administration as Governor of California, and as a White House advisor during the Richard Nixon administration and again during the Reagan presidency.

Q: What is Anti-Zionism?
A: , March 1920, during the Occupied Enemy Territory Administration. The crowd of Muslim and Christian Palestinians are shown outside Damascus Gate, Old City of Jerusalem.

Q: What is Giant panda?
A: The giant panda, Ailuropoda melanoleuca, is a bear. It lives in south central China.

Q: What is Arrondissement of Haguenau-Wissembourg?
A: The arrondissement of Haguenau-Wissembourg is an arrondissement of France in the Bas-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Haguenau.

Q: What is Teno (disambiguation)?
A: Teno could be: * Teno – a Chilean city and commune * Teno River – a river in Chile * Teno River (Europe), a river shared by Finland and Tana (Norway) * Macizo de Teno, a mountain range on Tenerife, Spain * TENO – a former German organisation

Q: What is Sje?
A: Sje (Ć, ć) is a letter of the Cyrillic script, it is used in Montenegrin, on computers, it has to be encoded as C + ́ being an extremely recent letter. letters

Q: What is All Elite Wrestling?
A: All Elite Wrestling, LLC, doing business as AEW, is a company that produces professional wrestling shows. It is the second most popular wrestling company in the United States.

Q: What is Kazusa Province?
A: ) with Kazusa Province highlighted was an old province of Japan in the area of Chiba Prefecture on the island of Honshū.capital city of the province was in or near Ichihara, Chiba.

Q: What is Vadencourt, Aisne?
A: Vadencourt, Aisne is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Aisne department in north France.

Q: What is Loudwire?
A: Loudwire is an American online magazine. It makes news about rock and heavy metal musicians.

Q: What is Lucky stone?
A: A lucky stone is the otolith of a freshwater drum. They are quite big.

Q: What is Mark Fish?
A: Mark Anthony Fish (born 14 March 1974) is a South African former professional footballer who played as a defender. Mark Fish's style of play as a defender was characterized by his ability to play a crucial role in his team's defensive structure.

Q: What is Mir Taqi Mir?
A: Mir Taqi Mir (born 1723 in Agra - died September 21, 1810 in Lucknow). He was an List of Urdu language poets

Q: What is Jean Arp?
A: Jean Arp He was born in Germany 1886 and died 1966 in Basel, who is a poet, painter and holder of French citizenship in 1918. Between World War I and the Franco-Prussian War, when the German Empire ruled Strasbourg and the surrounding area, Arp was born Hans Peter Wilhelm Arp to a German father and a French mother.

Q: What is Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Lebedev?
A: Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Lebedev (; born 14 August 1943, died 23 February 2024) is a Russian lawyer and jurist. He has been the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Russia since 1991.

Q: What is Yevgeniya Frolkina?
A: Evgeniia Eduardovna Frolkina is a basketball player from Russia. Frolkina competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Count of Flanders?
A: The Count of Flanders was the ruler or leader of the county of Flanders from the 9th century until the French Revolution in 1790. The first count was Baldwin I "Iron Arm".

Q: What is Ab Krook?
A: Ab Krook (18 June 1944 – 13 October 2020) was a Dutch speed skating coach between 1977 and 2006. He was also a speed skater between 1967 and 1971.

Q: What is Whitney Museum of American Art?
A: The Whitney Museum of American Art, known informally as the "Whitney Museum" or "The Whitney", is an art museum located in New York City. The museum was founded in 1930 by Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney (1875–1942).

Q: What is Krunal Pandya?
A: Krunal Himanshu Pandya (born 24 March 1991) is an Indian cricket player. He has played for Indian cricket team and Baroda.

Q: What is Michael Flatley?
A: Michael Ryan Flatley (born July 16, 1958) is an Irish-American dancer. He became known for Irish dance shows Riverdance, Lord of the Dance, Feet of Flames, and Celtic Tiger Live.

Q: What is Larry Silverstein?
A: Larry A. Silverstein (born May 30, 1931) is an American billionaire businessman.

Q: What is Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
A: Ruth Bader Ginsburg (March 15, 1933 &ndash; September 18, 2020) was an American jurist. She was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1993 until her death.

Q: What is A State of Trance?
A: A State of Trance (often abbreviated as ASOT) is the title of a radio show. It was hosted by popular trance DJ Armin van Buuren.

Q: What is Navaleno?
A: Navaleno is a municipality found in the province of Soria in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain. in Castile and León in Soria

Q: What is Mourens?
A: Mourens is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Giuliano Gemma?
A: Giuliano Gemma (2 September 1938 – 1 October 2013) was an Italian actor. He was best known for his roles in A Pistol for Ringo (1965), The Return of Ringo (1965), Arizona Colt (1966), Day of Anger (1967) and California (1977 movie) On 1 October 2013, Gemma was in a car crash in Cerveteri, near Rome, Italy.

Q: What is Duchy of Swabia?
A: The Duchy of Swabia (German: Herzogtum Schwaben) was one of the five stem duchies of medieval Germany. It started in the 10th century in the southwestern area that had been settled by Alemanni tribes in Late Antiquity era.

Q: What is Bobby Fischer?
A: Robert James "Bobby" Fischer (March 9, 1943 – January 17, 2008) was an American chess Grandmaster and the eleventh World Chess Champion. As a teenager, Fischer became well-known worldwide because of his skill at chess.

Q: What is Hala Gorani?
A: Hala Basha-Gorani (; born 1 March 1970), is an American reporter for CNN International. She is based in the network's headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia.

Q: What is Beatification?
A: beatified more people than many of the popes before him put together. Beatification (from Latin beatus, blessed, Greek μακάριος, makarios and Latin facere, make) is a recognition given by the Catholic Church of a dead person's entrance into Heaven and power to help people who pray in his or her name.

Q: What is Hermann Weyl?
A: Hermann Klaus Hugo Weyl, (; 9 November 1885 – 8 December 1955) was a German mathematician, theoretical physicist and philosopher. He worked at the University of Göttingen and at the Institute for Advanced Study.

Q: What is Corner Brook?
A: Corner Brook is a city in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It is on the west coast of the island of Newfoundland.

Q: What is Popemobile?
A: in a Jeep J8 popemobile in Washington, D.C. The Popemobile is the glass-enclosed and armored vehicle used by the Pope of the Catholic Church when moving through the crowds.

Q: What is Book of Optics?
A: The Book of Optics is a book that was written by Ibn al Haytham (965–1040 CE), an Arabic scientist and polymath. It was a seven-volume treatise on optics, physics, mathematics, anatomy and psychology, from 1011 to 1021.

Q: What is Akihabara massacre?
A: The was an incident of mass murder that took place on 8June 2008, in the Akihabara shopping area in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan. The attacker, 25-year-old , drove into a crowd with a rented truck, killing three people and injuring two at first.

Q: What is Batalha Square?
A: Batalha Square () is a historic public square in the city of Porto, in Portugal. and structures in Porto

Q: What is Auntie Anne's?
A: mall in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania Auntie Anne's is an American fast food chain of pretzel shops. It was founded by Anne F.

Q: What is NXT UK Women's Championship?
A: The NXT UK Women's Championship was a professional wrestling title owned by WWE and competed for by the women of NXT UK. It was created on June 18, 2018 during the first night of the 2018 Worlds Collide.

Q: What is Biggleswade?
A: Biggleswade is a town and civil parish near the A1 road in Bedfordshire, England. In 2012 there were 15,383 people living in Biggleswade.

Q: What is Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon?
A: Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon (Louise Élisabeth; 22 November 1693&ndash;27 May 1775) was a daughter of Louis de Bourbon, Prince of Condé, and his wife, Louise Françoise de Bourbon, herself an illegitimate daughter of Louis XIV of France and Madame de Montespan. She was the wife of Louis Armand de Bourbon.

Q: What is Darnytsia railway station?
A: Darnytsia () is the largest Ukrainian Railways station (and the main freight station) of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv, located in the city's Left-bank Darnytsia area. Built in the nineteenth century, the Darnytsia railway hub has grown into a gigantic railway center, expanding for more than 10&nbsp;km along the main east–west route.

Q: What is Emma Mackey?
A: Emma Margaret Marie Tachard-Mackey (born 4 January 1996) is a French-British actress. Since 2019, she has starred as Maeve Wiley in the Netflix comedy series Sex Education.

Q: What is Hamilton O. Smith?
A: Hamilton Othanel Smith (August 23, 1931 &ndash; October 25, 2025) was an American microbiologist and a Nobel prize winner. He was jointly awarded the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

Q: What is Francis W. Nye?
A: Francis Walter Nye (June 29, 1918 &ndash; January 13, 2019) was an American military personnel. He served as a United States Air Force major general who was a B-24 Liberator and B-29 Superfortress combat pilot.

Q: What is Ancestral Puebloans?
A: , Mesa Verde National Park The Ancestral Puebloans were an ancient Native American civilization. They lived in what is today the southwestern United States.

Q: What is Vincent Jackson?
A: Vincent Terrell Jackson (January 14, 1983 – ) was an American football player. He was a wide receiver.

Q: What is Sexual abuse scandal in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston?
A: The Sexual abuse scandal in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston was part of many cases of Catholic Church sexual abuse cases in the United States that revealed many crimes in the American Roman Catholic Church. In early 2002, The Boston Globe Another accused priest who was involved in the Spotlight scandal also pleaded guilty.

Q: What is Nephritis?
A: Nephritis is inflammation of the kidneys. It may involve the glomeruli, tubules, or interstitial tissue surrounding the glomeruli and tubules.

Q: What is Norodom Ranariddh?
A: Norodom Ranariddh (; 2 January 1944 – 28 November 2021) was a Cambodian royal politician and law academic. He is the second son of Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia and a half-brother of Norodom Sihamoni.

Q: What is Shareholder?
A: A shareholder is a person that has invested their own money in a particular company through share. This means they have partial ownership of the company.

Q: What is Onandaga language?
A: The Onondaga people are part of the Iroquois confederacy and although they have been joined with its 5 other tribes they do speak their own language. Although Onondaga is dwindling it is still used in the government of the Onondaga Nation with all presented laws being in the language and with the chiefs' titles also being in the language.

Q: What is List of songs recorded by ABBA?
A: This is a list of songs recorded by ABBA. It is in alphabetical order.

Q: What is Seminary?
A: A seminary, theological college or divinity school is a university that specializes in theology or philosophy. Very often the students live at the seminary.

Q: What is Moiry?
A: Moiry may refer to: * Moiry, Switzerland, a municipality in the district of Morges in the canton of Vaud * Moiry, Ardennes, a commune in the region of Grand Est in France * Lac de Moiry, a lake in the municipality of Grimentz, in the canton of Valais, in Switzerland.

Q: What is Norman Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank?
A: Norman Robert Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank, OM, FRIBA, FCSD, RDI (born 1 June 1935) is an English architect. His company, Foster and Partners, has an international design practice.

Q: What is Southwest Region (Cameroon)?
A: The Southwest Region is a region in Cameroon. The capital city is Buea.

Q: What is Gaza–Israel conflict?
A: The Gaza–Israel conflict is a long-running dispute between the Gaza Strip, a Palestinian territory, and Israel. It involves political, territorial, and security issues and has often led to violence.

Q: What is Charles Dumont?
A: Charles Dumont (26 March 1929 – 18 November 2024) was a French singer and composer. Dumont was best known for writing or co-writing several well-known songs recorded by singer Édith Piaf.

Q: What is Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade?
A: Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade is a commune. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in south France.

Q: What is Multia?
A: Multia is a municipality in Central Finland. About 1,800 people lived there in January 2014.

Q: What is Michael O'Hare?
A: Robert Michael O'Hare, Jr. (May 6, 1952 – September 28, 2012) was an American movie, stage, and television actor.

Q: What is Alan Arkin?
A: Alan Wolf Arkin (March 26, 1934 June 29, 2023) was an American actor, director, musician and singer. He is known for his Academy Award winning role as Edwin Hoover in Little Miss Sunshine (2006) and for his award-nominated role as Lester Siegel in Argo (2012).

Q: What is East Lynne (1916 movie)?
A: East Lynne is a 1916 American drama movie directed by Bertman Bracken and based on the 1861 novel of the same name by Ellen Wood. It stars Theda Bara, Ben Deeley, Stuart Holmes, Claire Whitney, William H.

Q: What is Tann, Bavaria?
A: Tann is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany. It has about 4,000 residents and is 15&nbsp;km from the corner of Austria away.

Q: What is Peter Scholze?
A: Peter Scholze (born 11 December 1987) is a German mathematician known for his work in arithmetic geometry. He has been a professor at the University of Bonn since 2012 and director at the Max Planck Institute for Mathematics since 2018.

Q: What is Endothermic process?
A: An endothermic reaction is a reaction between two elements or compounds that absorbs heat energy. In an endothermic reaction, the substance becomes cold.

Q: What is Volvo Ocean Race?
A: The Volvo Ocean Race (known also as the Whitbread Round the World Race) is a yacht race around the world. It happens every three years.

Q: What is Memory leak?
A: When a program gets executed, it uses memory. In some cases, a poorly-written program may incorrectly manage the memory that has been given to it.

Q: What is Bahawalpur District?
A: Bahawalpur District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Bahawalpur is the capital.

Q: What is Adjutant?
A: An Adjutant is a military rank in some armies. Adjutants support the Officers.

Q: What is No Time to Spy?
A: A Loud House Movie: No Time to Spy: A Loud House Movie is an animated spy movie set in the Loud House universe. The movie focuses on the Louds as they try go to a tropical wedding celebration and get entangled in a spy plot.

Q: What is Needamangalam taluk?
A: Needamangalam Taluk is a taluk in Thiruvarur district of Tamil Nadu in India. government in India district

Q: What is Alternanthera philoxeroides?
A: Alternanthera philoxeroides is "alligator weed", an invasive species. It is an aquatic plant species and can be found in waterways.

Q: What is Feasibility study?
A: A feasibility study looks at how easy it will be to complete a project or system. A feasibility study is based on two things: the cost of a project, and the value the project might bring.

Q: What is List of meteorological photos and videos?
A: There are several notable photographs or videos in the field of meteorology, the study of the Earth's atmosphere, climate, and weather. These images or videos may be referred to as historic, most important, most iconic, or most influential weather-related photographs or weather-related videos.

Q: What is Synod?
A: in 1643 presided by Bishop Piotr Gembicki A synod () is a council of a Christian denomination. They are usually convened to decide an issue which has caused problems.

Q: What is Mutual of Omaha?
A: Mutual of Omaha is a mutual insurance company with headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska. The company is on the Fortune 500.

Q: What is Ranjit Singh?
A: Ranjit Singh (13 November 1780 – 27 June 1839) was the founder and first Maharaja of the Sikh Empire, which came to power in the Punjab from the 16th-19th century. The capital was at Gujranwala, later moved to Lahore.

Q: What is United Nations Environment Programme?
A: The UN Environment Programme (UNEP) is in charge of the United Nations environmental activities, helping developing countries in making environmentally sound policies and encouraging sustainable development through sound environmental practices. It began as a result of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment in June 1972 and has its headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya.

Q: What is Bhabanipur Shaktipeeth?
A: Bhabanipur () is a sacred site in Hinduism. It is one of the Shakti Peethas of the Indian subcontinent.

Q: What is Dubravka Jurlina Alibegović?
A: Dubravka Jurlina Alibegović (born 5 November 1963) is a Croatian economist and politician. She was an independent in the cabinet of Tihomir Orešković.

Q: What is Preben Hertoft?
A: Preben Hertoft (5 January 1928 – February 2017) was a Danish psychiatrist and professor in medical sexology, senior doctorate in medicine. Hertoft worked over 40 years as a sexologist doing research, treatment, counseling and education.

Q: What is Castlereagh River?
A: The Castlereagh River is an inland river in New South Wales, Australia. It begins in the Warrumbungles, a mountain range, and flows east towards Gilgandra and Coonamble, New South Wales The first Europen to see the Castlereagh River was George William Evans in 1818 during John Oxley's expedition.

Q: What is Emmental?
A: Emmental is a part of Switzerland. It is made of low hills.

Q: What is British Airways?
A: British Airways (sometimes known as just "BA") is the United Kingdom's largest airline, and is the UK's flag carrier. It was formed in 1974 when the UK's two government owned airlines, the British Oversea Airways Corporation and British European Airways were joined.

Q: What is Ernesto Boardman?
A: Ernesto Horacio Boardman López (born 23 February 1993) is a Mexican archer. Boardman competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is COVID-19 pandemic in Wisconsin?
A: The COVID-19 pandemic first entered the U.S. state of Wisconsin in early February 2020.

Q: What is Wyoming (1947 movie)?
A: Wyoming is a 1947 American western movie directed by Joseph Kane and starring Wild Bill Elliott, Vera Ralston, John Carroll, Albert Dekker, Virginia Grey, Grant Withers, Ray Barcroft. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.

Q: What is Stanisław Ryłko?
A: Stanisław Ryłko (born 4 July 1945) is a Polish Roman Catholic Cardinal. He has been the Archpriest of the Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore since 2016.

Q: What is Château de Nantouillet?
A: The is a ruined château at Nantouillet, a very small town in the Seine-et-Marne département of north-central France. Antoine Duprat, a French cardinal and politician, built it in the 16th century.

Q: What is Eduardo Guerrero (rower)?
A: Eduardo Guerrero (4 March 1928 – 17 August 2015) was an Argentine rower and Olympic champion. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Washburn University?
A: Washburn University (WU) is a co-educational, public university in Topeka, Kansas, United States. It has undergraduate and graduate programs.

Q: What is Lorraine Monk?
A: Lorraine Althea Constance Monk (née Spurrell; May 26, 1922&nbsp;– December 17, 2020) was a Canadian photographer and executive producer. She worked with National Film Board of Canada.

Q: What is Silke Jonkman?
A: Silke Jonkman (born 26 January 1997) is a Dutch long distance runner. Jonkman represents the Netherlands internationally.

Q: What is Klawock, Alaska?
A: Klawock is a city in Alaska. It is on the west coast of Prince of Wales Island, on Klawock Inlet, across from Klawock Island.

Q: What is Tasmannia?
A: Tasmannia is a genus of woody, evergreen flowering plants native to Australia, New Guinea, Celebes, Borneo and the Philippines. Most species have aromatic bark and leaves.

Q: What is War Emblem?
A: War Emblem (February 20, 1999 &ndash; March 11, 2020) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was the winner of the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes in 2002.

Q: What is Gary Duncan?
A: Gary Duncan (born Gary Ray Grubb, September 4, 1946 – June 29, 2019), also known as Gary Cole, was an American guitarist and singer. He is best remembered as a member of San Francisco psychedelic rock group Quicksilver Messenger Service.

Q: What is North America nebula?
A: The North America nebula (also known as NGC 7000 or Caldwell 20) is an emission nebula in the Cygnus constellation. It is about 1,600 light-years away from Earth.

Q: What is Dog Blood?
A: Dog Blood is a deep house duo formed in 2012 by record producers Skrillex and Boys Noize. They are signed to Big Beat Records and the members' record labels.

Q: What is Ian Brooks?
A: Ian James Brooks (21 April 1928 – 20 April 2022) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party. He was born in Blenheim, New Zealand.

Q: What is Still Standing?
A: Still Standing is a CBS sitcom starring Mark Addy. It is about a working-class couple who live in Chicago, Illinois.

Q: What is Language poetry?
A: Language poetry is a different way of thinking about poetry that began in the late 1960’s and early 1970’s. It was a reaction to the usual ways of writing poetry in United States Language poems made readers think about how words (spoken or written) could come before meanings.

Q: What is The Land Before Time VI?
A: The Secret of Saurus Rock: The Land Before Time VI: The Secret of Saurus Rock is a 1998 American animated musical comedy-drama movie directed by Charles Grosvenor. It was a sequel to The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island.

Q: What is Nenad Stekić?
A: Nenad Stekić (; 7 March 1951 – 18 July 2021) was a Serbian and Yugoslav long jumper. He was best known for his European record of 8.45 metres.

Q: What is Marija Šerifović?
A: Marija Šerifović (born November 14, 1984) is a singer who won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2007 with the ballad Molitva, which was sung in Serbian. She was born in Kragujevac, Serbia.

Q: What is Reorganized National Government of China?
A: The Reorganized National Government of China (), also known as the Wang Jingwei Regime () was a puppet government in China. It was led by Wang Jingwei, under the protection and support of the Empire of Japan.

Q: What is Aremark?
A: Aremark is a municipality in Østfold county, Norway. In 2022, 1,315 people lived there.

Q: What is Cash Money Records?
A: Cash Money Records is an American record label. It was founded by brothers Bryan "Birdman" Williams and Ronald "Slim" Williams.

Q: What is Hawangen?
A: Hawangen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. Hawangen is east of Memmingen.

Q: What is Trans-Pacific Partnership?
A: The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is a proposed free trade agreement drafted 5 October 2015 between several Pacific Rim countries. It is about many different matters of economic policy.

Q: What is Dmitri Anosov?
A: Dmitri Victorovich Anosov (; November 30, 1936 – August 5, 2014) was a USSR He was a full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and a winner of the USSR State Prize (1976). Anosov died in Moscow, Russia, aged 77.

Q: What is A Bill of Divorcement (1932 movie)?
A: A Bill of Divorcement is a 1932 American drama movie directed by George Cukor and is the second adaption of the 1921 play of the same name by Clemence Dane. It stars John Barrymore, Katharine Hepburn (in her movie debut), Billie Burke, David Manners, Paul Cavanagh, Henry Stephenson and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.

Q: What is Easy Come, Easy Go (1947 movie)?
A: Easy Come, Easy Go is a 1947 American drama movie. John Farrow directed it.

Q: What is Taxman?
A: "Taxman" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on their 1966 album Revolver.

Q: What is Bengt Gustafsson (general)?
A: Sten Bengt Gustaf Gustafsson (2 December 1933 – 15 March 2019) was a Swedish Army general. He was the Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces from 1986 to 1994.

Q: What is Vicki (movie)?
A: Vicki is a 1953 American crime drama movie directed by Harry Horner and is based on I Wake Up Screaming by Steve Fisher is a remake of the 1941 movie. It stars Jeanne Crain, Jean Peters, Elliott Reid, Richard Boone, Aaron Spelling, Carl Betz.

Q: What is JPEG?
A: of a wildcat with amount of compression decreasing from left to right In computing, the JPEG file format is a file format which is used to compress digital images. The amount of compression can be changed depending on the wanted quality.

Q: What is Kitami Province?
A: was a old province of Japan on the island of Hokkaido. The history of the province started in 1869 and ended in 1882.

Q: What is Oleg Salenko?
A: Oleg Salenko (born 25 October 1969) is a former Ukrainian-Russian football player. He has played for Ukraine national team and Russia national team.

Q: What is Survivor (band)?
A: Survivor is a hard rock band from Berwyn, Illinois. They were active from 1978 to 1989.

Q: What is Keshav Prasad Pokharel?
A: Keshav Prasad Pokharel (Nepali: केशवप्रसाद पोखरेल) is Nepalese politician and member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly who was elected form Kathmandu 9 (B). He is currently serving as Minister for Agriculture and Livestock Development of Bagmti Province in Jamkattel cabinet.

Q: What is Jill Janus?
A: Jill Janus (September 2, 1975 – August 14, 2018) was an American rock and heavy metal singer. She was born in Los Angeles, California.

Q: What is Erasmus?
A: Erasmus, full name Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus, (28 October, probably 1466 in Rotterdam – 12 July 1536 in Basel) was a Dutch humanist, theologian and philosopher. Erasmus was a classical scholar who wrote in a "pure" Latin style.

Q: What is Aminoglycoside?
A: Aminoglycosides are antibiotics used for gram negative infections. Gram-negative means that the bacteria which cause the infection don't hold the color of a particular dye (Crystal Violet) when they're tested.

Q: What is Ordinary (liturgy)?
A: The catholic mass is made of two parts: One that changes during the year, and the other one that does not. The one that does not change is usually called Ordinary.

Q: What is Erasmus Darwin?
A: Erasmus Darwin (12 December 1731 – 18 April 1802) was a English scientist, poet, inventor and medical doctor. He was a member of the Lunar Society (a group of important scientists and businessmen who were friends).

Q: What is Mindanao Cebuano?
A: Mindanao Cebuano is a dialect of Cebuano spoken mostly in Northern Mindanao, Zamboanga Peninsula, Caraga, and Soccsksargen, particularly in General Santos, the southernmost city in the Philippines. The dialect has differing vocabulary from those used in Cebu.

Q: What is Megha Akash?
A: Megha Akash (born 26 October 1995) is an Indian movie actress who appears in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi language movies. She made her debut in Telugu movie Lie in 2017.

Q: What is Campo Grande, Rio Grande do Norte?
A: Campo Grande, formerly Augusto Severo is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast Region, Brazil

Q: What is Burna Boy?
A: Damini Ebunoluwa Ogulu (born 2 July 1991), better known by his stage name Burna Boy, is a Nigerian dancehall/reggae singer and songwriter. He was born in Port Harcourt, Nigeria.

Q: What is Robson Ponte?
A: Robson Ponte (born 6 November 1976) is a Brazilian football player. He plays for Urawa Red Diamonds.

Q: What is Kaise Mujhe Tum Mil Gaye?
A: Kaise Mujhe Tum Mil Gaye is an Indian Hindi language romantic drama television series that airs on Zee TV from 27 November 2023. It is produced by Mukta Dhond and BP Singh under Fireworks Productions It stars Sriti Jha and Arjit Taneja.

Q: What is Te Huirangi Waikerepuru?
A: Huirangi Eruera Waikerepuru (1 April 1929 – 8 April 2020) was a New Zealand Māori language activist and trade unionist. He was known for creating Māori language radio and television channels.

Q: What is Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
A: over Hiroshima after the dropping of Little Boy mushroom cloud resulting from the nuclear explosion over Nagasaki rises 18 km (11 mi, 60,000 ft) into the air from the hypocenter. The Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were nuclear attacks on the Empire of Japan during World War II (WWII).

Q: What is Family Four?
A: Family Four was a band from Sweden. They represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1971 with "Vita vidder" and at Eurovision Song Contest 1972 with "Härliga sommardag".

Q: What is Ashley Trujillo?
A: Ashley Trujillo Castaño (born 10 December 2008), also known as Ashley Trujillo, is a English-Colombian football forward. He currently plays for the Colombia youth team and the English club Queens Park Rangers.

Q: What is Larry Warner?
A: Larry Logan Warner (April 12, 1945 &ndash; Febraury 1, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. Warner was born in Washington, D.C..

Q: What is Centerville, Missouri?
A: Centerville is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Q: What is Haddock?
A: The haddock (Melanogrammus aeglefinus) is a saltwater ray-finned fish. It is from the family Gadidae, the true cods.

Q: What is Types of tennis match?
A: Traditionally, tennis is played between two people in a Singles match, or four players in a Doubles match. However, popular variations allowing play between three players (of which two or three are on the court at any one time) have emerged.

Q: What is Cairngorms?
A: The Cairngorms (Scottish Gaelic: Am Monadh Ruadh) is a group of mountains in the eastern part of Highlands of Scotland. It is usually World Heritage Sites.

Q: What is Ruud Lubbers?
A: Rudolphus Franciscus Marie "Ruud" Lubbers (; 7 May 1939 &ndash; 14 February 2018) was a Dutch people In January 2001, Lubbers became the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. He resigned in February 2005 after a worker accused Lubbers of sexual harassment.

Q: What is George Helmy?
A: George Samir Helmy (born October 27, 1979) is an American politician who was the United States Senator from New Jersey for a few months in 2024. He was New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy's chief of staff from 2019 to 2023.

Q: What is AKB48?
A: AKB48 is a Japanese idol group produced by Yasushi Akimoto. He searched Akihabara to find members who are innovative, because the area has been energetic recently.

Q: What is Ban Gu?
A: Ban Gu was a historian, politician, and poet from China. He was born in 32 in Xianyang.

Q: What is Jas Waters?
A: Jas Waters (October 21, 1980 – June 9, 2020), also known as Jas Fly, was an American screenwriter and journalist. She was known for writing 18 episodes of the TV series This Is Us.

Q: What is A-Train (Korail)?
A: The A-Train (Korail) (also know as the Jeongseon Arirang A-Train () is a tourist train in South Korea that ran in 2015.

Q: What is Wanksta?
A: "Wanksta" is a song by American rapper 50 Cent. It is the second single off of the soundtrack from the 2002 movie 8 Mile.

Q: What is Santa Rosa, Laguna?
A: Santa Rosa City, Laguna is a 1st class Component city in the province of Laguna, is the second largest city in terms of in government unit in the province, It is one of the fastest urban cities in Laguna.

Q: What is Breakfast on Pluto (movie)?
A: Breakfast on Pluto is a 2005 Irish British comedy drama movie directed by Neil Jordan and was based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Patrick McCabe. It stars Cillian Murphy, Stephen Rea, Brendan Gleeson, Liam Neeson, Gavin Friday, Ian Hart, Ruth Negga, Bryan Ferry, Liam Cunningham, Steven Waddington.

Q: What is Laurence Silberman?
A: Laurence Hirsch Silberman (October 12, 1935 &ndash; October 2, 2022) was a Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He was appointed in October 1985 by Ronald Reagan and took senior status on November 1, 2000.

Q: What is Liverpool F.C. Women?
A: Liverpool Football Club Women is an English women's football club. They have been the women's division of Liverpool Football Club since 1994.

Q: What is Jim McGreevey?
A: James Edward "'Jim"' McGreevey (born August 6, 1957) is an American politician and lawyer. He was the 52nd Governor of New Jersey from 2002 to 2004.

Q: What is Goddess Bunny?
A: Sandra "Sandie" Crisp; (January 13, 1960 &ndash; January 27, 2021), also known by her stage name The Goddess Bunny, was an American entertainer, drag queen, actress, and model. She was born in Santa Monica, California.

Q: What is Saint-Désir?
A: Saint-Désir is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is La Fayette Grover?
A: La Fayette Grover (b. November 29, 1823 – d.

Q: What is Beverly Kills 50187?
A: Beverly Kills 50187 is the first EP by American Horrorcore band, Insane Clown Posse. It was released on July 16, 1993.

Q: What is The Hunger Games?
A: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes: The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes is a 2023 American dystopian action movie directed by Francis Lawrence. It is based on the 2020 novel The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes by Suzanne Collins.

Q: What is Leen van der Waal?
A: Leendert "Leen" van der Waal (September 23, 1928 &ndash; September 10, 2020) was a Dutch engineer and politician. He was a member of the Reformed Political Party (SGP).

Q: What is Viktor Ponedelnik?
A: Viktor Vladimirovich Ponedelnik (, 22 May 1937 in Rostov-on-Don – 5 December 2020) was a Russian footballer and manager. He played for the Soviet Union national team.

Q: What is Black separatism?
A: Black separatism is a separatist political movement mainly in the United States. It propagates that those of African descent should have a cultural and economic development of their own.

Q: What is Swadlincote?
A: Swadlincote is a town in South Derbyshire, England. The town is 13 miles south of Derby.

Q: What is Cojum Dip?
A: Cojum Dip is an Avant-garde metal band formed by Bora Karaca in Ann Arbor, Michigan sometime around 2000. The band's music blends elements of Heavy Metal, Jazz, Rock, Opera, and many other genres, with the band self describing their sound as "Jazz-Metal" and "Crossover Metal".

Q: What is Mariam Fakhr Eddine?
A: Mariam Mohamed Fakhr Eddine (; January 8, 1933 – November 3, 2014) was an Egyptian actress. Eddine was known for her roles in Back Again (1958), Light in the Night (1959) and Souq al-harim (1970).

Q: What is Lexington, Nebraska?
A: Lexington is a city in Dawson County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 10,348 at the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Birmingham, Michigan?
A: Birmingham is a city in Oakland County of the U.S. state of Michigan and a suburb of Detroit.

Q: What is Alicia Markova?
A: Alicia Markova DBE (born Lilian Alicia Marks, 1 December 1910 – 2 December 2004) was an English ballerina and choreographer. She also directed and taught ballet.

Q: What is Kampen, Netherlands?
A: Kampen is a municipality and city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 54,000 people were living there in 2021.

Q: What is Duchess Elisabeth of Württemberg (b. 1933)?
A: Duchess Elisabeth of Württemberg (; born 2 February 1933) is a member of the House of Württemberg and a Duchess of Württemberg. She was married to Prince Antoine of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and a Princess of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.

Q: What is Himiko?
A: Himiko (, about 175 – 248 CE) was the queen of Yamataikoku in ancient Japan. Early Japanese histories do not mention Himiko.

Q: What is Chemical synthesis?
A: In chemistry, chemical synthesis means using chemical reactions to get a product, or several products. This happens by physical and chemical manipulations.

Q: What is Star Wars Episode I?
A: Battle for Naboo: Star Wars Episode I: Battle for Naboo is an action arcade flight video game. It was published by LucasArts, with THQ doing publishing in Europe for the N64.

Q: What is Esplanade?
A: An esplanade is a long, open, level area. It is usually next to a river or large body of water for people to walk on.

Q: What is Prosser, Washington?
A: Prosser is a city in the state of Washington. establishments in Washington (state) seats in Washington (state) in Benton County, Washington

Q: What is House of Gucci?
A: House of Gucci is a film by director Ridley Scott, based on the story of Patrizia Reggiani and the murder of her husband, Maurizio Gucci. It stars American entertainer Lady Gaga and actor Adam Driver as Patrizia and Maurizio, respectively.

Q: What is Big beat?
A: Big beat is a genre of dance music, which includes various genres of music, including drum and bass, alternative rock, trip hop, acid house, beat music, punk rock and psychedelic rock. music

Q: What is Headrest?
A: A headrest is something which supports the head. It is usually a suitably shaped part of the back of a chair or of a front seat in a car.

Q: What is Bergün/Bravuogn?
A: Bergün/Bravuogn (, , , in the local Romansh dialect Brauégn) is a former municipality in the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018 the former municipalities of Bergün/Bravuogn and Filisur merged into the new municipality of Bergün Filisur.

Q: What is Bradley Wright-Phillips?
A: Bradley Edward Wright-Phillips (born 12 March 1985) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker. He is currently a host of MLS 360 on the MLS Season Pass.

Q: What is A Yank in the RAF?
A: A Yank in the RAF is a 1941 American World War II adventure movie directed by Henry King and starring Tyrone Power, Betty Grable, John Sutton, Lester Matthews, Reginald Gardiner, Ralph Byrd, Frederick Worlock. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1941.

Q: What is Pascagoula, Mississippi?
A: Pascagoula is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States. It is in the Gulfport-Biloxi, MS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Q: What is Ángel Sergio Guerrero Mier?
A: Ángel Sergio Guerrero Mier (August 18, 1935 – January 10, 2021) was a Mexican politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.

Q: What is Donald Faison?
A: Donald Adeosun Faison (born June 22, 1974) is an American actor. He is best known for his leading role as Dr.

Q: What is Electoral district of Broadmeadows?
A: Broadmeadows is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1955.

Q: What is 2010 US Open – Women's Singles?
A: Kim Clijsters was the defending champion, and successfully defended her 2009 title, after she won 6–2, 6–1, against Vera Zvonareva in the final.

Q: What is Thrive?
A: Thrive is an free and open-source evolution simulation video game for Windows and Linux. The development of the game first started in 2009 and in 2016, it was released as an early access title via Steam and itch.io.

Q: What is Alexander Gutman?
A: Alexander Ilyich Gutman (; January 29, 1945 &ndash; February 17, 2016) was a Russian movie director of Jewish origin. His career began in 1986.

Q: What is AutoNation?
A: AutoNation is a company in the United States that sells cars. It is based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Q: What is Visor?
A: A visor can be * The bill of a baseball cap or similar hat. * A ball cap without the crown.

Q: What is Norman Thaddeus Vane?
A: Norman Thaddeus Vane (July 7, 1928 – May 2, 2015) was an American screenwriter, producer, playwright and movie director. He served as writer for the 1968 movie Mrs.

Q: What is Batting (baseball)?
A: In baseball, batting is the act of going against the other team's pitcher and trying to hit the baseball ball. A batter or hitter is the player who swings his bat to try to hit the ball.

Q: What is Levi Eshkol?
A: Levi Eshkol (born Levi Shkolnik, 25 October 1895 – 26 February 1969) was the 3rd Prime Minister of Israel from 1963 until his death in 1969. He is buried in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.

Q: What is Jim Rogers?
A: James Beeland "Jim" Rogers, Jr. (born October 19, 1942) is an American businessman, investor and author.

Q: What is Polo Grounds?
A: The Polo Grounds was a sports stadium in New York City. It was actually the name of four different stadiums, which were all located in New York.

Q: What is Bad Colberg-Heldburg?
A: Bad Colberg-Heldburg is a German city in the south of Thuringia. It is near the Franconian city of Coburg.

Q: What is 2026 California lieutenant gubernatorial election?
A: The 2026 California lieutenant gubernatorial election will be held on November 3, 2026, to elect the lieutenant governor of California.

Q: What is Gisela Mayer?
A: Gisela Mayer (30 October 1931 in Stuttgart - 1 July 2020 in Ellwangen ) was a local politician in Ellwangen, and founder of the first women's list in Germany. In 1996 she received the Barbara Künkelin Prize, from the city of Schorndor.

Q: What is Marcus Johansson (ice hockey, born 1990)?
A: Marcus Lars Johansson (born 6 October 1990) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Washington Capitals, New Jersey Devils, Boston Bruins, Buffalo Sabres, and Seattle Kraken.

Q: What is Laufenburg District?
A: Laufenburg is a district of the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. The capital is the town of Laufenburg.

Q: What is 2017 Turku attack?
A: On 18 August 2017, around 16:00 local time (UTC+3), several people were stabbed in central Turku, Finland. Alarm was first raised at 16:02 and by 16:05 the suspect had been captured.

Q: What is Brewster County, Texas?
A: Brewster County is a county in the Alpine. The county was named for Colonel Henry Percy Brewster, who was Secretary of War for the Republic of Texas.

Q: What is Longyearbyen?
A: Longyearbyen is the largest settlement and the administrative centre of Svalbard, Norway. As of 2013, the town had a population of 2,043.

Q: What is Gun buyback program?
A: A gun buyback program, or gun buyback scheme, is a gun policy that would allow the government to purchase privately owned firearms to reduce firearms in a country, especially those sold on the streets. A buy back program would provide a process whereby civilians can sell their privately owned firearms to the government without risk of prosecution.

Q: What is Blackmail (1939 movie)?
A: Blackmail is a 1939 American crime drama movie directed by H. C.

Q: What is Light Years (Pearl Jam song)?
A: "Light Years" is a 2000 song by alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the second and final single from their sixth studio album Binaural. It went to number 17 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts, number 52 in the United Kingdom, number 46 in Scotland, number 64 in Australia and number 5 in Portugal.

Q: What is Ahmed Mohamed Mohamoud?
A: Ahmed Mohamed Mahamoud Silanyo (1938 &ndash; 15 November 2024) was a Somaliland politician. He was the Chairman of the Peace, Unity and Development Party (Kulmiye) and President of Somaliland.

Q: What is South Lake Tahoe, California?
A: South Lake Tahoe is a city in El Dorado County, California, United States. establishments in California in California Dorado County, California

Q: What is Oberlin, Ohio?
A: Oberlin is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States, southwest of Cleveland. Oberlin is the home of Oberlin College.

Q: What is Ci shrine?
A: A Ci shrine, (祠), is a kind of religious building that originated in China. They are used for honoring people and ancestors.

Q: What is Rebecques?
A: Rebecques is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Autonomist Movement?
A: The Autonomist Movement was a Chilean political movement. It was a founding member of the Broad Front on 21 January 2017.

Q: What is Anna Nicole Smith?
A: Anna Nicole Smith (November 28, 1967 – February 8, 2007) was an American model, actress and celebrity. She first became popular as Playboy magazine's 1993 Playmate of the Year.

Q: What is Puerto Varas?
A: Puerto Varas is a city and commune of Chile with 32.912 inhabitants according with the INE census of 2002.

Q: What is According to Jim?
A: According to Jim is an American television sitcom. It stars Jim Belushi as a suburban father of three children (five children starting with the season-seven finale).

Q: What is Arnold Henry Guyot?
A: Arnold Henry Guyot ( ) (September 28, 1807February 8, 1884) was a Swiss-American geologist and geographer. The guyot was named after him.

Q: What is Data loss?
A: Data loss is an event that happens when a file, program, or a piece of information is lost. When data is updated, it may change, and this may not be data loss.

Q: What is 2019–20 Austrian Cup?
A: The 2019–20 Austrian Cup was the 85th edition of the national cup in Austrian football. Red Bull Salzburg were the defending champions.

Q: What is White nationalism?
A: , Confederate, and libertarian flags during the Unite the Right rally on August 12, 2017., 2024. White nationalism is a type of nationalism that sees White people as a race.

Q: What is Oswaldo Segura?
A: Oswaldo Segura (August 4, 1959 in Lascano, Manabí , Ecuador) is a theater actor, histrion and Ecuadorian television presenter, known for playing Felipe Vera in the television series costumbrista, Mis Adorables Entenados at the end of the eighties.

Q: What is John Hasler?
A: John Hasler (born 21 April 1974) is an English actor and voice actor. He is best known for his role as Thomas and Rheneas in the U.K.

Q: What is Lucban?
A: Lucban is a municipality in the province of Quezon, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 53,091 people lived there.

Q: What is Communes of the Dordogne department?
A: The following is a list of the 557 communes of the Dordogne département in France. (CAP) Communauté d'agglomération Périgourdine, created in 2000.

Q: What is Bokermann's tree frog?
A: Bokermann's tree frog (Dendropsophus novaisi) is a frog that lives in three different places in Brazil.

Q: What is Douglas MacArthur?
A: General Douglas MacArthur (January 26, 1880 - April 5, 1964) was an American general who served in World War I, World War II, and the Korean War. Forces under his command twice suffered large defeats.

Q: What is Valdis Dombrovskis?
A: Valdis Dombrovskis (born 5 August 1971) is a Latvian politician. He is the Executive Vice President of the European Commission for An Economy that Works for People since 2019 and European Commissioner for Trade since 2020.

Q: What is Goeree-Overflakkee?
A: Goeree-Overflakkee is an island and municipality of the province of South Holland, the Netherlands. In 2016 the municipality had about 48,000 people.

Q: What is Oregon, Ohio?
A: Oregon is a city in Lucas County, Ohio, United States. It is an industrial suburb of Toledo, located on Lake Erie, just east of the city.

Q: What is Mercedes-Benz T2?
A: The Mercedes-Benz T2 (Transporter 2) were vans and step-entrance minibuses, They were made by Daimler-Benz from 1967 to 1996.

Q: What is Andalusite?
A: Andalusite is an aluminium nesosilicate mineral with the chemical formula Al2SiO5. At higher temperatures and pressures, andalusite may convert to sillimanite.

Q: What is Step Up?
A: Step Up is a 2006 American romantic musical teen drama movie set in Maryland. This movie is similar to "Bring It On" (which was released in 2000), except there is hip hop involved.

Q: What is Jukka Mikkola?
A: Jukka Mikkola (3 July 1943 – 23 March 2018) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party.

Q: What is American Eskimo Dog?
A: The American Eskimo dog is a small breed of companion dog originating in Germany. The hair of American Eskimo dog is snowy white.

Q: What is Victorville, California?
A: Victorville is a city in San Bernardino County, California. It is on the Interstate 15 between San Bernardino and incorporated in 1962.

Q: What is Negative?
A: Negative may mean: *Something negative can be something bad. *A negative number is a number that is less than zero.

Q: What is Rupert Lowe?
A: Rupert James Graham Lowe (born 31 October 1957) is a British politician and businessman. He was elected in as a Member of Parliament (MP) in the 2024 United Kingdom general election for the constituency of .

Q: What is Tobe Hooper?
A: Willard Tobe Hooper (January 25, 1943 &ndash; August 26, 2017) was an American movie director, screenwriter, and producer. Hooper best known for his work in the horror movie genre; his most recognized movie include The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and Poltergeist.

Q: What is Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation?
A: Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is an Indian public sector undertaking company. It provides ticketing, catering, and tourism services for the Indian Railways.

Q: What is Teleology?
A: Teleology is a philosophical idea that things have goals or causes. It is the "view that developments are due to the purpose or design which is served by them".

Q: What is Carl Ruiz?
A: Carl "The Cuban" Ruiz (April 4, 1975 – September 21, 2019) was a Cuban-American restaurant-owner and celebrity chef. He was born in Passaic, New Jersey.

Q: What is Canada convoy protest?
A: Freedom Convoy () was a protest in Canada against COVID-19 vaccine requirements for truckers to re-enter the country by land. The protests began with many truck drivers from all provinces coming together against the vaccine mandate and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on January 22, 2022.

Q: What is Dilemma?
A: A dilemma (Greek δί-λημμα "double proposition") is when two solutions or possibilities are present. If both solutions are undesirable or impossible, this may put a person on the horns of a dilemma, neither outcome is comfortable.

Q: What is Memoir of Japanese Assassinations?
A: Memoir of Japanese Assassinations (日本暗殺秘録, Nihon ansatsu hiroku) is a 1969 Japanese historical drama film written and directed by Sadao Nakajima. The movie was based on a 1958 novel Secret Assassination by historian Tadashi Suzuki.

Q: What is Sant Cugat del Vallès?
A: Sant Cugat del Vallès is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain. in Catalonia

Q: What is Alma Gluck?
A: Alma Gluck (May 11, 1884October 27, 1938) was a Romanian-Americans Gluck died in New York City from liver failure, aged 54.

Q: What is Roger Grenier?
A: Roger Grenier (19 September 1919 – 8 November 2017) was a French writer, and journalist. He was Regent of the Collège de ’Pataphysique.

Q: What is Hurricane Jose (2017)?
A: Hurricane Jose was a 2017 Atlantic tropical cyclone. The storm threatened the Mid-Atlantic States of Maryland, Delaware, New York and New Jersey, and the New England states of Connecticut, Rhode Island and southeast Massachusetts.

Q: What is 15 Miodowa?
A: 15 Miodowa Street (Polish: Kamienica przy ulicy Miodowej 15) is a historic tenement house in Kraków, Poland. It is located in the Old Town district, at Miodowa Street, in the Kazimierz neighborhood.

Q: What is Autremencourt?
A: Autremencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is Mikel Arteta?
A: Mikel Arteta (born 26 March 1982) is a Spanish professional football manager and former player. He is currently the manager of Premier League club Arsenal.

Q: What is DFL-Supercup?
A: The DFL-Supercup or German Super Cup is a one-off football match in Germany between the winners of the Bundesliga and the DFB-Pokal. The DFL-Supercup is run by the Deutsche Fußball Liga (DFL).

Q: What is Academy Award for Best Actor?
A: Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role is one of the Academy Awards of Merit. It is presented each year by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS).

Q: What is Schwarzenbach, Lucerne?
A: Schwarzenbach is a village and former municipality of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since 2005, it is part of the municipality of Beromünster.

Q: What is Acre foot?
A: An acre-foot is a unit of volume used in the United States to measure large amounts of water resources. It makes measuring water in reservoirs, lakes, and rivers.

Q: What is Another 48 Hrs.?
A: Another 48 Hrs. is a 1990 American action comedy movie directed by Walter Hill and is the sequel to the 1982 movie 48 Hrs..

Q: What is Filmfare Awards?
A: The Filmfare Awards are annual awards that honour artistic and technical excellence in the Hindi-language Bollywood

Q: What is Amesbury?
A: Amesbury is a town and civil parish in Wiltshire, England. It is most famous for the prehistoric monument of Stonehenge which is in its parish, and for the discovery of the Amesbury Archer.

Q: What is Love?
A: Love is a mix of feelings and actions that shows a deep liking for someone or something. Love involves caring for another.

Q: What is Rashid Ahmad Gangohi?
A: Rashid Ahmad ibn Hidayat Ahmad Ayyubi Ansari Gangohi (12 June 1826 – 11 August 1905), also called Rashid Ahmad Gangohi (1244–1323 AH / 1829–1905 CE), was a teacher from India. He was a big leader in the Deobandi movement.

Q: What is Jeep Grand Cherokee?
A: The Jeep Grand Cherokee is a range of mid-size SUVs produced by the American manufacturer Jeep. While some other SUVs were manufactured with body-on-frame construction, the Jeep Grand Cherokee has always used a unibody chassis.

Q: What is Yevgeniy Chazov?
A: Yevgeniy Ivanovich Chazov (; 10 June 1929 – 12 November 2021) was a Russian physician and politician. He was the Chief of the Fourth Directorate of the Ministry of Health of the USSR between 1987 until 1990.

Q: What is Iverna Codina?
A: Iverna Codina (born June 15, 1912 in Quillota – died August 14, 2010 in Buenos Aires) was a Chilean-born Argentine writer.

Q: What is Soviet deportation of Poles during World War II?
A: The Soviet deportation of Poles during World War II refers to the mass deportation of around 1,200,000 Poles from Soviet-occupied eastern Poland to mainland Russia between February 10, 1940 and Operation Barbarossa * * * *

Q: What is Yoshihiro Togashi?
A: Yoshihiro Togashi (born in 1966) is a Japanese manga artist most known for Yu Yu Hakusho and Hunter × Hunter. He is married to Naoko Takeuchi.

Q: What is Amaterasu Ōmikami?
A: Amaterasu (), also called Amaterasu-ōmikami ( or ) or Ōhirume-no-muchi-no-kami (), is the sun goddess in Japanese mythology. She is the most sacred of all Shinto deities.

Q: What is Haverhill?
A: Haverhill is a town in St Edmundsbury, Suffolk, England. In 2001 there were 22,010 people living in Haverhill.

Q: What is Profilage?
A: Profilage is a French crime drama TV series. It was developed in 2009 by Fanny Robert and Sophie Lebarbier along with TF1.

Q: What is Visconti-Sforza tarot deck?
A: The Visconti-Sforza tarot deck is the oldest known tarot deck. It was ordered to be made in the 15th century by Filippo Maria Visconti who was then the Duke of Milan.

Q: What is Schwanden bei Brienz?
A: Schwanden bei Brienz is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Q: What is Vertigo (movie)?
A: Vertigo is a 1958 American psychological thriller mystery movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It stars James Stewart and Kim Novak.

Q: What is Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania?
A: Plymouth Meeting is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The settlement was founded in 1686.

Q: What is Paul Varelans?
A: Paul Varelans (September 17, 1969 – January 16, 2021) was an American mixed martial artist. He competed in Ultimate Fighting Championship from 1995 to 1996.

Q: What is Landen?
A: Landen is a municipality in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant. In 2007, 14876 people lived there.

Q: What is Colmar?
A: Colmar is a commune in Alsace in north-eastern France, in the Haut-Rhin department, of which it is a prefecture. It is in the Grand Est region.

Q: What is Sun PhuQuoc Airways?
A: Sun PhuQuoc Airways is a Vietnamese leisure carrier. The headquarters are in Hanoi.

Q: What is Minersville, Utah?
A: Minersville is a town in Beaver County, Utah, United States. establishments in Utah Territory in Beaver County, Utah in Utah

Q: What is W Hydrae?
A: W Hydrae is a red giant star. It has a size 520 times larger than the Sun, but this can change.

Q: What is Jane Morgan?
A: Jane Morgan (born Florence Catherine Currier; May 3, 1924 &ndash; August 4, 2025) was an American popular music singer. Morgan was popular in France and the UK before becoming popular in the United States.

Q: What is Montchamp, Calvados?
A: Montchamp, Calvados is a former commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Sol Linowitz?
A: Sol Myron Linowitz (December 7, 1913 – March 18, 2005) was an American diplomat, lawyer, and businessman born in Trenton, NJ. He was a graduate of Trenton Central High School, Hamilton College and Cornell Law School.

Q: What is Hisato Sato?
A: is a former Japanese football player. He played for the Japan national team.

Q: What is Dark Angel (American TV series)?
A: Dark Angel is an American science fiction television series created by James Cameron and Charles H. Eglee, which ran from 2000 to 2002 on the FOX network.

Q: What is Emily Armstrong?
A: Emily Marcia Armstrong (born May 6, 1986) is an American singer and co-founder of the band Dead Sara. In September 2024, she became the lead singer of Linkin Park, after Chester Bennington, who passed away in 2017.

Q: What is 1979 United Kingdom general election?
A: An election was held on 3 May 1979 to elect all 635 seats of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Conservative Party won the election and Margaret Thatcher became Prime Minister.

Q: What is Cooking show?
A: A cooking show (also called a cookery programme) is a television program where one or more hosts show people how to cook food dishes in a kitchen studio set. The show's host, often a celebrity chef, will make one or more food dishes in an episode.

Q: What is Vatican Library?
A: The Vatican Library is the library of the Holy See. Its official name is Vatican Apostolic Library (Bibliotheca Apostolica Vaticana).

Q: What is Maggie and the Ferocious Beast?
A: Maggie and the Ferocious Beast, also known as simply The Ferocious Beast or Maggie, is a Canadian children's animated television series. Co-produced by Nelvana and with the participation of Teletoon and it aired broadcasting from Nick Jr.

Q: What is Magna, Utah?
A: Magna is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah. It was first settled (also known as Pleasant Green) in 1868 and finally incorporated as a city in 2024.

Q: What is Anne Boleyn?
A: Anne Boleyn (1501 or 1507 – 19 May 1536) (birth unknown and unrecorded anywhere) was the second wife of King Henry VIII of England and queen consort from 1533 until 1536. Preluding the title of Queen, she was also marked Marquess of Pembroke.

Q: What is Books of Samuel?
A: The Books of Samuel (, Sefer Shmuw'el) are part of the Tanakh (part of the Hebrew Bible) and also of the Christian Old Testament.

Q: What is Division of Martin?
A: The Division of Martin was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. The division was created in 1922.

Q: What is Alberto Baillères?
A: Alberto Baillères González (22 August 1931 – 2 February 2022) was a Mexican billionaire businessman. Until his death, he had a net worth of US$10.1 billion.

Q: What is Chōkai Gassan Ryōsho-gu?
A: is a Shinto shrine in Yamagata City, Yamagata Prefecture. It used to be a prefectural shrine.

Q: What is Zeebra?
A: Zeebra ( ', born 2 April 1971 in Tokyo, Japan) is a famous Japanese hip hop artist, who is known as the first rapper in Japan. He was born and raised in Tokyo.

Q: What is M42 motorway?
A: The M42 is a motorway in the Midlands of England. It runs northeast from the M5 near Bromsgrove, Worcestershire to near Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire.

Q: What is A16 autoroute?
A: The A16, also called L'Européenne (The European) in French, is an autoroute (motorway) in France. It goes between Paris and the border with Belgium near Ghyvelde.

Q: What is John Sherman Cooper?
A: John Sherman Cooper (August 23, 1901&nbsp;– February 21, 1991) was an American politician, jurist, and diplomat from the U.S. state of Kentucky.

Q: What is 1925 Geneva Protocol?
A: The Geneva Protocol of 1925 (The Protocol for the Prohibition of the Use in War of Asphyxiating, Poisonous or Other Gases, and of Bacteriological Methods of Warfare) was a law that made it illegal to fight with chemical or biological weapons in interstate war. The Geneva protocol was signed on June 17, 1925 and the protocol was entered into force on January 8, 1928.

Q: What is John Holmes?
A: John Curtis Holmes (August 8, 1944 – March 13, 1988) better known as John C. Holmes or Johnny Wadd was a European-American pornographic actor known mainly for his large penis.

Q: What is Chemical industry?
A: The chemical industry changes raw materials (oil, natural gas, air, water, metals, and minerals) into more than 70,000 different products. Some chemical companies produce plastics as well as chemicals.

Q: What is Sloth (deadly sin)?
A: . The "lazy peasants" sleep instead of work, representing the sin of sloth.

Q: What is Gun Club Estates, Florida?
A: Gun Club Estates is a census-designated place (CDP) of Florida in the United States. According to the 2020 census, Gun Club Estates has 816 people.

Q: What is Iligan City?
A: Iligan City or shortly known as Iligan is an highly urbanized and independent city in the province of Lanao del Norte of Northern Mindanao in the Philippines, it is northern most cities of Mindanao along with Cagayan de Oro to the east.

Q: What is Hampton Falls, New Hampshire?
A: Hampton Falls is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,403 people lived there.

Q: What is Sains-lès-Marquion?
A: Sains-lès-Marquion is a commune. It is found in the Hauts-de-France region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Huwala (ethnic group)?
A: Hola Arabs or Huwala (), is a blanket term denoting an ethnically Iranian Arabs originally from the Arabian Peninsula who migrated to the Southern Coast of Iran in the 16th-18th centuries. Most currently reside in the Gulf nations with origins in cities and villages in Southern coast of Iran.

Q: What is Stern Review?
A: The Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change is a 700-page report released on 30 October 2006 by economist Lord Nicholas Stern for the British government. It discusses the effect of climate change and global warming on the world economy.

Q: What is Jacob Tremblay?
A: Jacob Tremblay (; born October 5, 2006) is a Canadian child actor. His breakout performance was his starring role as Jack Newsome in Room (2015).

Q: What is Jim Talent?
A: Jim Talent (born October 18, 1956) is a former United States Senator from the state of Missouri. He is a member of the U.S.

Q: What is Liberty Hill, Texas?
A: Liberty Hill is a city in Williamson County, Texas, United States. establishments in Texas in Williamson County, Texas

Q: What is Lorenzo Scattorin?
A: Lorenzo Scattorin (Born in 1971) is an Italian voice actor from Milan, known for his contributes in movies, cartoons, anime and other content. His most known role is Vinsmoke Sanji in One Piece .

Q: What is List of governors of Maine?
A: The Governor of Maine is the head of the executive branch of Maine's state government and the commander-in-chief of its military forces. The governor has a duty to enforce state laws, The current governor is Democrat Janet Mills, who took office on January 2, 2019.

Q: What is Hugh Hardy?
A: Hugh Hardy (July 26, 1932 – March 17, 2017) was an American architect. He was known for designing theaters, performing arts venues, public spaces, and cultural facilities across the United States.

Q: What is Gregoria de Jesús?
A: Gregoria de Jesús (9 May 1875 – 15 March 1943) was a Philippine nationalist. She was the second wife of Andres Bonifacio, a Philippine nationalist.

Q: What is Polaroid (Keith Urban song)?
A: "Polaroid" is a 2020 song by country singer Keith Urban and is the third single released in Australia from his 11th studio album The Speed of Now Part 1. It was released during the COVID-19 lockdown and went to number 33 on the Canadian Billboard Digital Songs chart.

Q: What is Hardeman County?
A: Hardeman County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Hardeman County, Tennessee * Hardeman County, Texas

Q: What is European Diversity Awards?
A: The European Diversity Awards is the longest running and biggest diversity event across Europe. They were founded in 2010 by Linda Riley with a ceremony at the Savoy Hotel in London, hosted by BBC journalist Jane Hill.

Q: What is Montréverd?
A: Montréverd is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Q: What is Vivian Campbell?
A: Vivian Patrick Campbell (born 25 August 1962) is a Northern Irish heavy metal-blues rock guitarist and songwriter. He became known in the early 1980s as a member of Dio, and has been a member of Def Leppard since 1992 (replacing Steve Clark after his death).

Q: What is Duncan II of Scotland?
A: Donnchad mac Maíl Coluim (Modern Gaelic: Donnchadh mac Mhaoil Chaluim) renamed as Duncan II (before c. 1060 – 12 November 1094) was king of Scots.

Q: What is Ann Linder?
A: Ann Linder is a retired freestyle swimmer from Sweden. Linder competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Howell, Michigan?
A: Howell is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Q: What is Los Capo?
A: Los Capo () is a 2005 Chilean telenovela that was originally aired on Televisión Nacional de Chile and TV Chile from March 7 to September 5. comedy-drama television series romantic comedy television series romantic drama television series television series debuts television series endings television series television programs television programs

Q: What is Maddie Ziegler?
A: , 2021 Madison Nicole "Maddie" Ziegler (; born September 30, 2002) is an American dancer, actress and author. She is known for appearing on the Lifetime's reality show Dance Moms from 2011 until 2016.

Q: What is Charles Cannon?
A: Charles-Arthur Dumoulin Cannon (11 September 1905 – 23 September 1976) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.

Q: What is Mexican burrowing tree frog?
A: The Mexican burrowing tree frog or cross-banded tree frog (Smilisca) is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in Mexico, southern Texas and Arizona, Central America, and northwestern South America.

Q: What is List of Matsumoto Yamaga FC players?
A: The List of Matsumoto Yamaga FC players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Q: What is Crawl space?
A: A crawl space is a narrow area under a building that may be used for reaching pipes, wires, etc. without the need to dig.

Q: What is Merthyr Tydfil railway station?
A: Merthyr Tydfil railway station () is a train station in Merthyr Tydfil, a town in Wales. It opened in 1853.

Q: What is Link light rail?
A: The Link light rail is a light rail system in the Seattle metropolitan area, in the U.S. state of Washington, and is part of Sound Transit.

Q: What is Jon Tester?
A: Jonathan "Jon" Tester (born August 21, 1956) served as the senior United States Senator from Montana from 2007 to 2025. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Q: What is Patience (Take That song)?
A: "Patience" is a 2006 song by English boy band Take That and is the lead single from their fourth studio album Beautiful World. It topped the single charts in Germany, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Barry Jarman?
A: Barrington Noel Jarman OAM (17 February 1936 – 18 July 2020) was an Australian Test cricketer and International Cricket Council (ICC) match referee. He was born in Hindmarsh, South Australia.

Q: What is Bisphenol?
A: is a bisphenol made from acetone. The phenol units are on the left and right of this skeletal formula.

Q: What is Mahinda Rajapaksa?
A: Mahinda Rajapaksa (born 18 November 1945) is a Sri Lankan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka from 21 November 2019 until 9 May 2022.

Q: What is Claudio Capone?
A: Claudio Capone (18 November 1952 – 23 June 2008) was an Italian voice actor and narrator. After a career as a child actor on stage and television, Capone found work as a voice actor, giving his voice to Luke Skywalker in the Italian version of the Star Wars original trilogy.

Q: What is Dianne Wiest?
A: Dianne Wiest (born March 28, 1948) is an American actress. Her movies include Edward Scissorhands in 1990.

Q: What is Eragon?
A: Eragon is a book written by Christopher Paolini. It was published in August 2003.

Q: What is President of India?
A: The President of India is the head of state of the Republic of India. The president is the first citizen of the Republic and the commander in chief of the Indian Armed Forces.

Q: What is 2000 Hungarian presidential election?
A: The third presidential election in Hungary after the change of regime was held on June 5-6, 2000. According to the Constitution, following the referendum in 1990, the President of the Republic is elected by the Parliament.

Q: What is Stoichiometry?
A: Stoichiometry is a branch of science that studies and measures the amount of matter in chemical reactions. It can be used to predict the amount of things that will be made in a chemical reaction.

Q: What is El Dorado, Houston?
A: El Dorado is a neighborhood in northeast Houston, Texas, United States. The site of a halfway house, El Dorado had the highest amount of convicted felons per resident of all of the Houston neighborhoods in 2007.

Q: What is Chañaral Province?
A: The Chañaral Province () is one of three provinces in the northern Chilean region of Atacama (III). The capital is the small coastal town of Chañaral.

Q: What is Givati Brigade?
A: The 84th Givati Brigade () is an Israel Defense Forces infantry brigade formed in 1947. The Brigade is divided into three battalions with each battalion having its own commander.

Q: What is List of Kataller Toyama players?
A: The List of Kataller Toyama players is evolving. The history of the team is created by its players.

Q: What is Arnie Brown?
A: Stewart Arnold Brown (January 28, 1942 – July 26, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, New York Islanders, and Atlanta Flames.

Q: What is Charlie Monttana?
A: Carlos César Sánchez Hernández (November 6, 1961 – May 28, 2020), known professionally as Charlie Monttana, was a Mexican rock urbano musician and singer-songwriter. He was born in Mexico City.

Q: What is McCaskill, Arkansas?
A: McCaskill is a town in Hempstead County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 57 at the 2020 United States Census It is found at .

Q: What is Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 60 metres?
A: The 60 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934. In the final, the Polish Stanisława Walasiewicz won the event in 7.6 seconds ahead of Margarete Kuhlmann and British Ethel Johnson.

Q: What is Mohammadreza Abbasi?
A: Mohammadreza Abbasi (born July 27, 1996) is an Iranian Footballer Winger who currently plays for Zob Ahan.

Q: What is Here Comes the Boom?
A: Here Comes the Boom is a 2012 American comedy movie directed by Frank Coraci and starring Kevin James, Salma Hayek, Henry Winkler, Greg Germann, Joe Rogan, Gary Valentine, Bas Rutten, Reggie Lane, Melissa Peterman, Bruce Buffer. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Q: What is Prince Charles, Count of Carladès?
A: Prince Charles of Monaco, Count of Carladés (Charles Marie Auguste; 1 January 1722 – 24 August 1749), was a Monégasque prince. He was known as the Count of Carladés.

Q: What is Lili Estefan?
A: Liliana Del Carmen "Lili" Estefan García (born March 20, 1967) is a Cuban-American model and television host. She is the host of El Gordo y la Flaca on Univision.

Q: What is Sonia Gandhi?
A: Sonia Gandhi (b. December 9, 1946 is an Indian politician.

Q: What is Trip hop?
A: Trip hop is a genre of downtempo music. It began as a mix of rock, jazz, dub, soul, and some other elements including psychedelic rock, ambient, progressive rock, acid jazz and alternative hip hop.

Q: What is 2003 New England Patriots season?
A: The 2003 season was the New England Patriots' 34th in the National Football League (NFL), their 44th total and their fourth under head coach Bill Belichick.

Q: What is Khalid Bakdash?
A: Khalid Bakdash (1912 &ndash; July 15, 1995; occasionally spelled Khalid Bagdash or Khaled Bekdache, ) was the leader of the Syrian Communist Party (SCP) from 1936 until his death. In 1954 Bakdash became the first member of a communist party to be elected to an Arab parliament.

Q: What is Hempstead?
A: Hempstead is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 422 people living in Hempstead.

Q: What is Tick Fire?
A: The Tick Fire was a wildfire. It burned in Los Angeles County, California from October 24, 2019 to October 31, 2019.

Q: What is Seine?
A: The Seine is a river in France. It flows into the English Channel between Le Havre and Honfleur.

Q: What is Kjell Bratli?
A: Kjell Arne Bratli (born August 25, 1948) is the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Norwegian Armed Forces. Navy Captain and author.

Q: What is Lancaster Barnstormers?
A: The Lancaster Barnstormers are an Atlantic League of Professional Baseball team from Lancaster, Pennsylvania. They have won 1 Atlantic League championship, and are the first team in the league to win by a four-game sweep.

Q: What is Paparazzi Project?
A: Paparazzi is a do it yourself and open-source micro Unmanned aerial vehicle. Created in 2003, paparazzi is developed in the laboratories of the École nationale de l'aviation civile (French civil aviation university).

Q: What is Sexually transmitted disease?
A: was attributed to Albrecht Dürer A sexually transmitted infections (STI) is a disease which spreads by having sex. STIs can spread through oral sex or anal sex, or when two people's genitals touch.

Q: What is Hello Internet?
A: Hello Internet is a podcast made by YouTube content creators CGP Grey and Brady Haran. It was started in January of 2014 and currently has 136 episodes, two bonus episodes, one episode which was released only as a vinyl record and one as a wax cylinder.

Q: What is Carolina Miranda?
A: Carolina Miranda Olvera (born 25 June 1990 in Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexico) is a Mexican actress. She has acted in many popular telenovelas and Netflix series.

Q: What is Dinesh D'Souza?
A: Dinesh Joseph D'Souza (; born April 25, 1961) is an Indian-American conservative political commentator, author, and filmmaker. From 2010 to 2012, he was president of The King's College (New York)

Q: What is MTV 80s?
A: MTV 80s is the soon to be defunct British version of the international music TV channel MTV 80s, which began broadcasting on 31 March 2022, replacing MTV Classic. It was first launched as a temporary rebrand of MTV Classic from 28 February to 31 March 2020.

Q: What is African pygmy goose?
A: The African Pygmy Goose (Nettapus auritus) is a small perching duck which breeds in sub-Saharan Africa. It is commonly mistaken for a goose due to its beak although it is actually a duck.

Q: What is World Bridge Federation?
A: The World Bridge Federation (WBF) is the international body for contract bridge. The WBF is responsible for world championship competition, most of which is on a four-year cycle.

Q: What is Buire-le-Sec?
A: Buire-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Grubhub?
A: Grubhub Inc. is an American online and mobile prepared food and delivery group.

Q: What is Francis Rossi?
A: Sir Francis Dominic Nicholas Michael Rossi (born 29 May 1949) is an English singer, songwriter and musician. He is best known as the co-founder, lead singer and lead guitarist of the rock band Status Quo.

Q: What is TAROM?
A: airplane at Frankfurt Airport TAROM is the national airline of Romania. Its main hub is at Otopeni Airport at Bucharest.

Q: What is Levonorgestrel?
A: Levonorgestrel is a hormonal medication which is used in many birth control methods (sold under the brand names Plan B One-Step and Julie, among others). It is combined with an estrogen to make combination birth control pills.

Q: What is Willy Sagnol?
A: Willy David Frédéric Sagnol (born 18 March 1977) is a French professional football manager and former player who played as a defender. He is the manager of the Georgia national team.

Q: What is 2019–20 Perth Glory FC season?
A: The 2019–20 Perth Glory FC season is the club's 23rd season since it began in 1996. The 2019–20 A-League season was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia and New Zealand.

Q: What is Field hospital?
A: A field hospital is a small mobile medical facility that takes care of casualties close to the battlefield, or in case of disasters. The World Health Organization gives the definition of a field hospital as: "a mobile, self-contained, self-sufficient health care facility capable of rapid deployment and expansion or military term.

Q: What is Om Prakash Sharma (Nepali politician)?
A: Om Prakash Sharma (Nepali: ओम प्रकाश शर्मा) is a Nepali politician of Nepali Congress and Minister for Energy and Drinking water since 9 June 2021. He is also serving as member of the Madhesh Province Provincial Assembly.

Q: What is Delegate?
A: A delegate someone who is either chosen or elected to vote or act for others. In organizations like the United Nations, each country sends delegates to represent them.

Q: What is Ranfurly?
A: Ranfurly, a town in the Southern Island of New Zealand that holds the coldest temperature in the country, (-25.6°C)(-14.1°F) on July 17, 1903. Ranfurly is located in Otago, New Zealand.

Q: What is Renée Fleming?
A: Renée Lynn Fleming (born February 14, 1959) is an American opera singer and soprano. Fleming is known for having a full lyric soprano voice.

Q: What is Three Kings Islands?
A: The Three King's Islands is a group of islands about northwest of New Zealand's North Island. In current times, they are recorded to be uninhabited.

Q: What is Kitana?
A: Kitana is a fictional character in the Mortal Kombat electronic game franchise by Midway Games and NetherRealm Studios.

Q: What is Stanley Tucci?
A: Stanley Oliver Tucci (born November 11, 1960) is an American actor who is known for his roles in The Devil Wears Prada, Winchell, The Lovely Bones, The Hunger Games and Conclave. He has won two Golden Globe Awards and two Emmy Awards.

Q: What is Jack McCall, Desperado?
A: Jack McCall, Desperado is a 1953 American western movie. It was directed by Sidney Salkow.

Q: What is Mandy Zollner?
A: Mandy Zollner (born 17 April 1985) is a German water polo player. She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship squads, 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

Q: What is New York's 14th congressional district?
A: New York's 14th congressional district is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives located in New York City, represented by Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. The district includes the eastern part of The Bronx and part of north-central Queens.

Q: What is Political hip hop?
A: Political hip hop (also called political rap, conscious hip hop or conscious rap) is a form of hip hop music that focuses on social issues and politics. It developed during the 1980s, being inspired by 1970s political preachers such as The Last Poets and Gil Scott-Heron.

Q: What is Romano Mazzoli?
A: Romano Louis Mazzoli (November 2, 1932 – November 1, 2022) was an American politician. He represented Kentucky's Third Congressional District from 1971 through 1995 as a Democrat.

Q: What is Hydrocephalus?
A: Hydrocephalus is caused by too much cerebrospinal fluid in the brain. Which can be mistaken for brain cancer, brain dysfunction or aneurysms.

Q: What is Stanley, Falkland Islands?
A: Stanley (also known as Port Stanley or Puerto Argentino) is the capital city of the Falkland Islands. It is found on the island of East Falkland and has a population of 2,000 (2/3 of the total population of the Falkland Islands of 3,000).

Q: What is I Still Miss You?
A: "I Still Miss You" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Keith Anderson. It was released in January 2008 as the second single from his album C'mon!, which was released on August 5, 2008.

Q: What is Byron Keith?
A: Byron Keith (November 17, 1917 &ndash; January 19, 1996) was an American actor. He made his movie debut in the 1946 Orson Welles thriller The Stranger and appeared mostly in supporting character roles in movie and television productions.

Q: What is Extreme Spots?
A: "Extreme Spots" is the first part of the 9th season of SpongeBob SquarePants. It was first shown on television on July 21, 2012.

Q: What is Pool Department?
A: Pool is a department of the Republic of the Congo in the southeastern part of the country. The capital is Kinkala.

Q: What is Andøy Municipality?
A: Andøy municipality is a Norwegian municipality in Nordland county. The municipality is on the island of Andøya.

Q: What is Kitsap Peninsula?
A: { |- | |} The Kitsap Peninsula () is west of Seattle across Puget Sound, in Washington state in the Pacific Northwest. Hood Canal separates the peninsula from the Olympic Peninsula on its west side.

Q: What is Chiffon?
A: Chiffon is a lightweight, plain-woven sheer fabric. The fabric is woven of S and Z twist crepe yarns.

Q: What is Luis Miguel Enciso Recio?
A: Luis Miguel Enciso Recio (8 April 1930 – 28 October 2018) was a Spanish historian and politician. He was born in Valladolid, Spain.

Q: What is Wrexham A.F.C.?
A: Wrexham A.F.C. is a football club located in Wrexham, Wales but playing in the English league system.

Q: What is Buena Creek (NCTD station)?
A: The Buena Creek station is a Sprinter light rail station. It is served by North County Transit District.

Q: What is Forest City, Iowa?
A: Forest City is a city in Iowa in the United States. establishments in Iowa seats in Iowa in Hancock County, Iowa in Winnebago County, Iowa

Q: What is Tulsa race massacre?
A: The Tulsa race massacre, sometimes called as the Tulsa race riot, Tulsa pogrom, or Tulsa massacre, took place on May 31 and June 1, 1921. During the riot, a mob of white citizens attacked black residents and businesses in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States.

Q: What is Philip of France (1116–1131)?
A: Philip of France, Dauphin of France (; 29 August 1116 — 13 October 1131) was the eldest son and child of King Louis VI of France and his second wife, Adélaide de Maurienne. As a son of the king, Philip was a fils de France.

Q: What is Pygame?
A: Pygame is a programming library for Python to make video games. It can do computer graphics and sound.

Q: What is Micki Grant?
A: Micki Grant (born Minnie Perkins, June 30, 1941 – August 22, 2021) was an American singer, actress, playwright and composer. She performed in Having Our Say (as Sadie Delaney), Tambourines to Glory and Jericho-Jim Crow.

Q: What is Frame-dragging?
A: Frame dragging is a theory which says that space is elastic, and particles in it will exchange energy with it. In the scientific world, "elastic" means that when you apply a certain amount of force to an object (which will cause it to bend) and then remove the force, the object will return to its original shape and energy state.

Q: What is Antonov An-72?
A: Antonov An-72 (Russian: Antonov An-72; NATO reporting name: Coaler) is a Soviet/Ukrainian transport aircraft designed by Antonov. & Russian aircraft

Q: What is Lisp?
A: A lisp is a speech problem, linked to the misarticulation of 's'-sounds. This results in unclear speech.

Q: What is Oakes Fegley?
A: Oakes Tonne Fegley (; born November 11, 2004) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in Pete's Dragon (2016), Wonderstruck (2017), The Goldfinch (2019), The War with Grandpa (2020), The Fabelmans (2022), Adam the First (2024), and Dark Matter (2024).

Q: What is Storsjön?
A: Storsjön is a lake in northern Sweden. It is the fifth-largest lake in Sweden.

Q: What is Saint-Jeannet, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence?
A: Saint-Jeannet is a commune of 48 people (2022). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeast France.

Q: What is Joyce Hearn?
A: Joyce C. Hearn (née Camp; June 16, 1929 – January 20, 2021) was an American politician and businesswoman.

Q: What is MRSA?
A: ingesting MRSA (artificial colours) MRSA is a strain of Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. This is a bacterium which causes infections in different parts of the body.

Q: What is Olvi?
A: Olvi is Finnish brand of beer. Olvi is mostly made from Finnish ingredients, besides Humulus lupulus, which is from Bavaria.

Q: What is Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman?
A: Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman is a reality children's television series that is shown on PBS. It is hosted by an animated dog, Ruff Ruffman, who gives out challenges to the six kids competing on the program.

Q: What is Mucous membrane?
A: A mucous membrane (or mucosae; singular mucosa) is a skin-like lining. A mucus membrane is covered in epithelium.

Q: What is Harrogate?
A: Harrogate is a spa town in North Yorkshire, England. About 76,000 people live there.

Q: What is Marcus Stewart?
A: William Marcus Paul Stewart (né Tubbs; born 8 November 1972) is an English former professional footballer. He played as a forward from 1991 until 2011.

Q: What is Elizabeth of England (1635–1650)?
A: Elizabeth of England and Scotland (1635–1650) was the second daughter of King Charles I of England and Scotland and Henrietta Maria of France. Elizabeth was born on 28 December 1635 at St.

Q: What is José Pereira?
A: José Costa Pereira MPIH (15 September 1933) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He was nicknamed Pássaro Azul (Blue Bird).

Q: What is Fernando Giudicelli?
A: Fernando Guidicelli (1 March 1906 – 28 December 1968) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Q: What is John Crackston?
A: John Crackston ( 1575 – c. 1620/21), also spelled as John Craxston or Crakstone, was an English Separatist movements (religion)

Q: What is William Pirrie, 1st Viscount Pirrie?
A: William James Pirrie, 1st Viscount Pirrie, KP, PC, PC (Ire) (31 May 1847 – 7 June 1924) was a leading British shipbuilder and businessman. He was the chairman of the shipbuilders Harland & Wolff, from 1895 until his death in 1924.

Q: What is Greek people?
A: The Greeks or Hellenes () are an ethnic group and nation native to regions including Greece, Cyprus, Italy, Egypt, Anatolia, and southern Albania.

Q: What is Juvisy-sur-Orge?
A: Juvisy-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Q: What is Monarchy of Ireland?
A: Ireland is mostly the Republic of Ireland (which does not have a monarchy) and partly Northern Ireland (whose monarch is Charles III). Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, a constitutional monarchy.

Q: What is Anthony Zerbe?
A: Anthony Jared Zerbe (born May 20, 1936) is an American actor. Zerbe was born in Long Beach, California.

Q: What is Kapo?
A: , Latvia, with a Lagerpolizist (camp policeman) armband. A kapo or prisoner functionary was a special type of prisoner in the Nazi concentration camps during The Holocaust.

Q: What is György Károly?
A: György Károly (Károly György, 31 August 1953 – 26 October 2018) was a Hungarian poet and writer. He was born in Budapest.

Q: What is The College Dropout?
A: The College Dropout is the debut album by rapper and producer Kanye West, released February 10, 2004. It was nominated for Grammy Award for Album of the Year and won Best Rap Album and Best Rap Song for "Jesus Walks" in 2005.

Q: What is David Irvine (diplomat)?
A: David Taylor Irvine (10 January 1947 – 30 March 2022) was an Australian diplomat. From March 2009 to September 2014, he was the Director-General of Security, the head of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation.

Q: What is Hückel's rule?
A: has the properties of an aromatic compound. It is named after chemist Erich Hückel, who formulated it in 1931.

Q: What is English Heritage?
A: English Heritage is an organisation of the United Kingdom government (Department for Culture, Media and Sport). It manages many monuments of the historic environment of England.

Q: What is Marcillac?
A: Marcillac is a former commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Tania Dalton?
A: Tania Dalton (née Nicolson; 26 November 1971 &ndash; 1 March 2017) was a New Zealand international netball player. She was part of the 2003 Netball World Championships winning Silver Ferns squad.

Q: What is Julia Stiles?
A: Julia Stiles (born March 28, 1981, New York City) is an American actress. She played Nicky Parsons in the Bourne movie series.

Q: What is Ken Mogi?
A: is a Japanese scientist. He studies the human brain.

Q: What is Biełarus?
A: Belarus (, , literally, The Belarusian) is a Belarusian newspaper in the United States. It is made from September, 20, 1950.

Q: What is Interstate 610?
A: Interstate 610 may refer to: * Interstate 610 (Louisiana), an alternate in New Orleans, Louisiana * Interstate 610 (Texas), a beltway around Houston, Texas Highways

Q: What is Tom Yasumi?
A: Yoshito “Tom” Yasumi (born August 20, 1965) is a Japanese animation director and director on SpongeBob SquarePants and Rocko's Modern Life.

Q: What is David Garcia?
A: David Garcia is an American politician and educator. He was the Democratic Party's nominee in the Arizona gubernatorial election, 2018 Garcia is an associate professor at Arizona State University's Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College.

Q: What is Throwing It All Away?
A: "Throwing It All Away" is a 1986 song by Genesis and is the seventh track from their 13th studio album Invisible Touch.

Q: What is Pat Mitchell?
A: Pat Mitchell (born January 20, 1943) is an American businesswoman. She was the first woman president and CEO of PBS.

Q: What is Put a Little Love in Your Heart?
A: "Put a Little Love in Your Heart" is a 1969 song by Jackie DeShannon and is the title track from her LP Put a Little Love in Your Heart. It topped the single charts in South Africa.

Q: What is Stadion Narodowy?
A: The Stadion Narodowy () is a football stadium in Warsaw, Poland. It is used mostly for concerts and football matches and is the home stadium of Poland national football team.

Q: What is Duke of Norfolk?
A: The Duke of Norfolk is an aristocrat or peer in the United Kingdom. He is Earl Marshal in the House of Lords.

Q: What is Jefferson Township, Greene County, Indiana?
A: Jefferson Township is one of fifteen townships in Greene County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Leonidas I?
A: Leonidas I (; c. 530 BC–480 BC) was a king of the Greek city-the state of Sparta from about 490 BC until his death in 480.

Q: What is Marguerite Chansardon?
A: Marguerite Chansardon (5 August 1900 - 13 January 1991) was a French track and field athlete during the 1920s and 1930s, during the early era of women's athletics. She was specialized in hurdles but also competed in other events.

Q: What is John Romita, Sr.?
A: John Victor Romita Sr. (January 24, 1930 &ndash; June 12, 2023) was an American comic-book artist.

Q: What is AEW Dynasty (2024)?
A: Dynasty (2024) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It took place April 21, 2024 at Chaifetz Arena in St.

Q: What is Nour El-Sherif?
A: Nour El-Sherif (; 28 April 1946 – 11 August 2015) was an Egyptian actor. His birth name is Mohamad Geber Mohamad ِAbd Allah (Arabic: محمد جابر محمد عبد الله).

Q: What is Triei?
A: Triei (Trièi) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 1,110 people lived there.

Q: What is Xufei Zhang?
A: Xufei Zhang (born 28 August 1984) is a Chinese female Paralympic sitting volleyball player. She played at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal, 2008 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal, 2012 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal, 2016 Summer Paralympics, winning a silver medal, and 2020 Summer Paralympics, winning a silver medal.

Q: What is Garret FitzGerald?
A: Garret Desmond FitzGerald (9 February 1926 – 19 May 2011) was an Irish politician who served twice as Taoiseach (prime minister) of Republic of Ireland

Q: What is Zee TV?
A: Zee TV is an Indian cable and satellite television channel. It is owned and operated by Zee Entertainment Enterprises.

Q: What is Commer, Mayenne?
A: Commer is a commune of 1091 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Karl Urban?
A: Karl-Heinz Urban (born 7 June 1972) is a New Zealand actor. He is known for his roles as Leonard McCoy in the Star Trek reboot movie series (2009–), Éomer in the second and third installments of Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy and Judge Dredd in Dredd.

Q: What is Kolo Touré?
A: Kolo Abib Touré (born 19 March 1981) is an Ivorian professional football manager and former player. He most recently managed Championship side Wigan Athletic.

Q: What is Ferde Grofé?
A: Ferdinand Rudolph von Grofé also known as Ferde Grofé (27 March 1892 – 3 April 1972) was an American musician, composer, arranger and pianist. He is best known for his 1931 five-movement tone poem, Grand Canyon Suite, and for having orchestrated George Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue prior to its 1924 premiere.

Q: What is Lewis and Harris?
A: Lewis and Harris in the Outer Hebrides make up the largest island in Scotland. With an area of , this is the largest single island of the British Isles after Great Britain and Ireland.

Q: What is Rocket?
A: to the Moon. A rocket may be a missile, spacecraft, aircraft or other vehicle which is pushed by a rocket engine.

Q: What is Nanaimo station?
A: Nanaimo is a train station in Vancouver, British Columbia. It is located at 2450 East 24th Avenue.

Q: What is Liberty County, Florida?
A: Liberty County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida.

Q: What is Bat?
A: Bats are mammals in the order Chiroptera. Bats are nocturnal which means they are active during the night, dusk, or dawn and they sleep at day.

Q: What is Badbaado (refugee camp)?
A: Badbaado is a refugee camp outside of Mogadishu, Somalia. It began as a result of the 2011 East Africa drought and famine.

Q: What is Cryosphere?
A: The cryosphere is the part of the Earth’s surface where water is in solid form, including sea ice, lake ice, river ice, snow cover, glaciers, ice caps and ice sheets, and frozen ground (which includes permafrost). It often overlaps with the hydrosphere, the water on, under and over the surface of the Earth.

Q: What is German Labour Front?
A: The German Labour Front was the labour organisation under the Nazi Party which replaced the various independent trade unions in Germany during Adolf Hitler's rise to power. establishments in Europe

Q: What is Emma Amos?
A: Emma Amos (born 18 August 1964) is an English actress. She played as Yvonne Sparrow in the last 2016 series time sitcom Goodnight Sweetheart, alongside Nicholas Lyndhurst and Michelle Holmes.

Q: What is Saint-Servais, Finistère?
A: Saint-Servais () is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Fernando Gómez Doblas?
A: Fernando Gómez Doblas (born October 16, 1965 in Málaga) is a track and field athlete from Spain. He has a disability: He has cerebral palsy and a T36 type athlete.

Q: What is Telefe Santa Fe?
A: Telefe Santa Fe (call sign LT 82 TV) is an Argentine broadcast television station on channel 13 owned by Telefe in Santa Fe, Argentina. The channel covers central and northwestern Santa Fe Province.

Q: What is Cleyrac?
A: Cleyrac is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Q: What is Jand Tehsil?
A: Jand Tehsil is one of the six tehsils (subdivisions) of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Q: What is Hugh Keays-Byrne?
A: Hugh Keays-Byrne (18 May 1947 – 2 December 2020) was an English-Australian actor and movie director. He moved to Australia in 1973.

Q: What is Area code 441?
A: Area code 441 is a telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan. It covers Bermuda, a British Overseas Territory in the North Atlantic Ocean.

Q: What is Multi-user?
A: Multi-user is a term that defines an operating system, computer program, or a game that allows use by more than one users of the same computer at the same time. An example is a Unix server where multiple remote users have access (such as via Secure Shell) to the Unix shell prompt at the same time.

Q: What is Per Osland?
A: Per Osland is a Norwegian physicist specializing in theoretical particle physics. He is a professor emeritus at the University of Bergen.

Q: What is Mysore?
A: Mysore (officially called Mysuru) is a city in Karnataka, India. Mysore is south-west of Bangalore.

Q: What is Brasschaat?
A: Brasschaat is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp. In 2007, 37133 people lived there.

Q: What is Angerville?
A: Angerville can mean: * Angerville, Calvados, in the Calvados département * Angerville, Essonne, in the Essonne département * Angerville-Bailleul, in the Seine-Maritime département * Angerville-la-Campagne, in the Eure département * Angerville-la-Martel, in the Seine-Maritime département * Angerville-l'Orcher, in the Seine-Maritime département

Q: What is Levent Kırca?
A: Zeki Levent Kırca (September 28, 1948 – October 12, 2015) was a Turkish comedian, stage and movie actor. He was a columnist of the newspaper Aydınlık.

Q: What is Cynthia, Alberta?
A: Cynthia is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada. It is part of Brazeau County.

Q: What is Navagraha?
A: The navagraha are nine bodies and gods that affect human life, according to Hinduism. The word is from nava, meaning nine, and graha, meaning planet.

Q: What is 2016 Brussels bombings?
A: On 22 March 2016, three large explosions happened in the Belgian capital Brussels. Two bombs exploded at Brussels Zaventem Airport and one exploded at Maalbeek metro suicide bombers and Belgian police are currently searching for the third one.

Q: What is Natchitoches, Louisiana?
A: Natchitoches ( ; ), officially the City of Natchitoches, is the parish seat of Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the most populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish.

Q: What is Fourcatier-et-Maison-Neuve?
A: Fourcatier-et-Maison-Neuve is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Q: What is Robert Sassone (cyclist)?
A: Robert Sassone (23 November 1978 &ndash; 21 January 2016) was a French racing cyclist. He was a member of the Cofidis cycling team.

Q: What is Daylight (Maroon 5 song)?
A: "Daylight" is a song performed by American pop rock band Maroon 5. The song was released as the third single from their fourth studio album, Overexposed (2012).

Q: What is Ursa Major?
A: Ursa Major is a constellation in the northern part of the sky. Its name means Great Bearin Latin.

Q: What is Abner Shikongo?
A: Abner S. Shikongo is a politician, government official and farmer from northern Namibia.

Q: What is Once Upon a Time in Mexico?
A: Once Upon a Time in Mexico (known also as Desperado 2) is a 2003 American action movie. It was directed by Robert Rodriguez and it was produced by Robert Rodriguez, Elizabeth Avellán, and Carlos Gallardo.

Q: What is Dmitry Jakovenko?
A: Dmitry Jakovenko (born 29 June 1983) is a Russian chess grandmaster. On the July 2009 FIDE rating list, Jakovenko had a rating of 2760, but he has slipped a bit since then.

Q: What is New Athens, Illinois?
A: New Athens is a village in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States.

Q: What is Dornstetten?
A: Dornstetten is a town in Freudenstadt in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is in the Black Forest, east of Freudenstadt.

Q: What is Söderköping Municipality?
A: Söderköping Municipality () is a municipality in Östergötland County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Söderköping.

Q: What is Muyeol of Silla?
A: Taejong Muyeol of Silla (, 602 June 661) was the 29th king of Silla. He was named Kim Chun-chu.

Q: What is She Cries Your Name?
A: "She Cries Your Name" is a 1996 song by Beth Orton and was originally used on her debut studio album Superpinkymandy and was later rerecorded for her second studio album Trailer Park. It went to number 40 in the United Kingdom when it charted in 1997.

Q: What is Gautam Vig?
A: Gautam Vig (born 27 September 1987) is an Indian model and actor. He has worked in multiple television shows like Naamkaran, Pinjara Khubsurati Ka, Tantra, and Ishq Subhan Allah.

Q: What is Himmelried?
A: Himmelried is a municipality of the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Q: What is Need?
A: A need is a thing that, when a living being, plant or animal does not have it, it is not able to live. A thing that someone wants to have, but is able to live when they do not have it, is called a want.

Q: What is Häggenås SK?
A: Häggenås SK is a sports club in Häggenås in Sweden. It was established on 2 January 1932.

Q: What is Ruslan Yunyaev?
A: Ruslan Rishatovich Yunyaev (, born August 17, 1988, Sterlitamak, Bashkortostan, USSR) is a Russian musician, songwriter, journalist, Television

Q: What is Woody, California?
A: Woody (formerly, Weringdale) is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Kern County, California, United States. The post office was opened in 1889.

Q: What is Ophelia (moon)?
A: Ophelia is a closer moon of Uranus. It was found from the images taken by Voyager 2 on January 20, 1986, and was given the designation S/1986&nbsp;U&nbsp;8.

Q: What is Morocco at the Olympics?
A: Morocco at the Olympics is a history which began in 1959. The International Olympic Committee's official abbreviation for Morocco is MRC.

Q: What is Ann Bassett?
A: Anne Bassett was a very brave woman with a strong personality and an even fiercer reputation. Queen Anne Bassett was a cattle wrestler.

Q: What is Salvatore Farina (general)?
A: Salvatore Farina (born November 18, 1957) is an Italian Army general. He was the Chief of Army Staff (2018-2021).

Q: What is Bacha bazi?
A: Bacha bāzī (Pashto and Dari: بچه بازی, lit. "boy play"; from bacha "boy", and bazi "play, game") is a form of child prostitution.

Q: What is Mart Ummelas?
A: Mart Ummelas (20 August 1953 – 13 March 2020) was an Estonian journalist and television executive. He was born in Tallinn.

Q: What is Flower of Scotland?
A: Flower of Scotland () is a Scottish song, used mostly at special occasions and sporting events. Although Scotland has no official national anthem, Flower of Scotland is one which is used, along with the older Scots Wha Hae, Scotland the Brave and Highland Cathedral.

Q: What is The Survivors (movie)?
A: The Survivors is a 1983 American comedy movie directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Walter Matthau, Robin Williams, Jerry Reed, Kristen Vigard, John Goodman, Annie McEnroe, James Wainwright. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Q: What is Cheese fries?
A: Cheese fries are a popular fast food dish with french fries covered in cheese. They are called cheesy chips or chips and cheese in places like the United Kingdom, where they also eat peas, chilli, or gravy on chips.

Q: What is Expedition?
A: An expedition usually means a long journey or voyage done for a specific purpose, often exploratory, scientific, geographic, military or political in nature.

Q: What is Linux Security Modules?
A: Linux Security Modules (LSM) is a framework that allows the Linux kernel to support a variety of computer security models while avoiding favoritism toward any single security implementation. The framework is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License and is standard part of the Linux kernel since Linux version 2.6.

Q: What is Cobalt(II) sulfate?
A: Cobalt(II) sulfate, also known as cobaltous sulfate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is CoSO4.

Q: What is Francesco Filippini?
A: Francesco Filippini (18 September 1853 – 6 March 1895) was an Italian painter from Lombardy. Filippini is considered one of the most important landscape painters of the 1900s.

Q: What is S. I. Padmavati?
A: Dr. Padmavati Sivaramakrishna Iyer (20 June 1917 – 29 August 2020), commonly known as Dr.

Q: What is Seven Lucky Gods?
A: The , commonly called the Seven Lucky Gods in English, refer to the seven gods of good fortune in Japanese mythology and folklore. They are often the subject of netsuke carvings.

Q: What is Biffontaine?
A: Biffontaine is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Q: What is Regensburg Cathedral?
A: { |- | |- | |- | |} The Regensburg Cathedral () is dedicated to St. Peter.

Q: What is Entrena?
A: Entrena is a municipality in the autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain. The population of the town is 1.488 (2009).

Q: What is Area codes 760 and 442?
A: Area codes 760 and 442 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP). It is used in the state of California in the United States.

Q: What is Lee Jung-jae?
A: Lee Jung-jae (; born December 15, 1972) is an actor and former model from South Korea. In 2021 he gained fame for his role of Seong Gi-Hun in Netflix's survival drama Squid Game.

Q: What is Dennis W. Sciama?
A: Dennis William Siahou Sciama, (; 18 November 1926 – 18/19 December 1999) was a British physicist. He was an important scientist for the development of British physics after the Second World War.

Q: What is Laura Di Muzio?
A: Laura Di Muzio (born 20 March 1990) is a French rugby union and rugby sevens player, and television commentator. She played for Lille Métropole rugby club villeneuvois.

Q: What is Chris Andersen?
A: Christopher Claus Andersen (born July 7, 1978) is an American former basketball player. Andersen was born in Long Beach, California, grew up in Iola, Texas, and played one year at Blinn College.

Q: What is Johnny Groen?
A: Johnny Groen (born 6 December 1945) is a former Dutch volleyball player and coach. He was a member of the Dutch national team.

Q: What is Sotteville-lès-Rouen?
A: Sotteville-lès-Rouen is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Q: What is Tractor S.C.?
A: Tractor Sports Club (), commonly known as Tractor is an Iranian football club. It is based in Tabriz, East Azarbaijan.

Q: What is Second Geneva Convention?
A: The Second Geneva Convention of 1906 is one of the Geneva Conventions. Its full title is Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded in Armies in the Field.

Q: What is Boeing Starliner?
A: long before flight. The Boeing CST-100 is a class of two partially reusable spacecraft designed to transport crew to the International Space Station (ISS) and other low-Earth-orbit destinations.

Q: What is Mondrepuis?
A: Mondrepuis is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Q: What is Ahmad ibn Hanbal?
A: Imam Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Hanbal Abu Abdullah Al-Shaibani (780–855 AD/164-241 AH) (), was a famous Islamic figure, scholar of Islamic law and hadith. One of the four traditional schools of Islam, the Hanbali school, is based on its interpretation.

Q: What is Tularosa, New Mexico?
A: Tularosa is a village in Otero County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 2,553 at the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Serious (Duran Duran song)?
A: "Serious" is the 22nd single by English new band Duran Duran and is the second and final single from their sixth studio album Liberty. It went to number 3 in Italy and number 48 in the United Kingdom.

Q: What is Economic development?
A: Economic development it is the growth of standard of living of nations from a poor economy to a high-income economy. When the local quality of life is improved, there is more economic development.

Q: What is High Sierra (movie)?
A: High Sierra is a 1941 American crime movie directed by Raoul Walsh and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Ida Lupino, Arthur Kennedy, Joan Leslie, Joan Leslie, Henry Travers, Cornel Wilde, Jerome Cowan, Isabel Jewell, Elisabeth Risdon and was distributed by Warner Bros.

Q: What is 2016 United States presidential election in Texas?
A: The 2016 United States presidential election in Texas was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

Q: What is Plunder Road?
A: Plunder Road is a 1957 American crime movie directed by Hubert Cornfield and starring Gene Raymond, Jeanne Cooper, Wayne Morris, Elisha Cook Jr., Stafford Repp, Steven Ritch, Nora Hayden, Helene Heigh. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Q: What is Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia?
A: Bostock v. Clayton County was a 2020 U.S.

Q: What is Garrotte?
A: A garrotte is a weapon, usually a handheld length of chain, rope, scarf, wire or fishing line used to Strangulation

Q: What is Urjala?
A: Urjala is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 4,581 people lived there.

Q: What is Gus Mortson?
A: James Angus Gerald "Old Hardrock" Mortson (January 24, 1925 &ndash; August 8, 2015) was a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman. He played a career total of 796 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Q: What is Benjamin Sheares?
A: Benjamin Henry Sheares (12 August 1907 &ndash; 12 May 1981) was a Singaporean physician and politician. He was the second President of Singapore from 1971 until his death in 1981.

Q: What is Basil Yamey?
A: Basil S. Yamey, CBE (4 May 1919 &ndash; 9 November 2020) was a South African economist.

Q: What is Julia Roberts?
A: Julia Fiona Roberts (born October 28, 1967) is an American actress and producer. She is best known for her roles in the movies Steel Magnolias (1989), Pretty Woman (1990), Runaway Bride (1998) and Erin Brockovich (2000).

Q: What is Lindenwold, New Jersey?
A: Lindenwold is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census

Q: What is Kenai Peninsula Borough, Alaska?
A: Kenai Peninsula Borough is a borough in the U.S. state of Alaska.

Q: What is Melissa Etheridge?
A: Melissa Lou Etheridge (born May 29, 1961) is an American singer and musician. Her songs include "Come to my Window" and "I'm the Only One".

Q: What is Iowa Supreme Court?
A: The Iowa Supreme Court is the state supreme court and the highest court in the U.S. state of Iowa.

Q: What is Flag of Baden-Württemberg?
A: The flag of Baden-Württemberg () has two horizontal stripes of yellow and black with the coat of arms of Baden Württemberg. It was adopted on 11 November 1953.

Q: What is Qinling Mountains?
A: The Qinling Mountains (Traditional Chinese: 秦嶺, Simplified Chinese: 秦岭) are a major mountain range. Most of them are in the Eastern province of Shaanxi, in China.

Q: What is Yemenite architecture?
A: and the Old City of Sana'a. Yemenite architecture is the name of the Architecture style of Yemen from the Pre-Islamic period until the Islamic period.

Q: What is Neil Fanning?
A: Neil Fanning (born 12 April 1967) is an Australian actor, safety supervisor, stuntman and voice artist. He is best known for voicing the titular character in the live-action movie adaptation Scooby-Doo and its sequel Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed.

Q: What is Lawrence Summers?
A: Lawrence Henry Summers (born November 30, 1954) is an American economist and politician. He was the 71st United States Secretary of the Treasury from 1999 to 2001.

Q: What is President of Republika Srpska?
A: The President of Republika Srpska is the highest executive authority in Republika Srpska, an entity in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is one of the executive authorities.

Q: What is Ouro Preto?
A: Ouro Preto (from Portuguese, Black Gold) is a town in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil. It is at the geographic coordinates .

Q: What is Zhuang?
A: Zhuang may refer to: *Zhuang people (or Bouxcuengh people), ethnic group in China *Zhuang languages *Zhuang logogram *Zhuang Zhou, ancient Chinese philosopher *Zhuang (surname) (庄/莊), a Chinese surname

Q: What is Florian Semani?
A: Florian Semani (born 2 July 1981) is an Albanian economist and public official. From March 2025 to July 2025, he has served as the Deputy Minister of Finance of Albania.

Q: What is Rabinchandra?
A: Meidingu Loirenkhomba Labanyachandra (alias Robinchandra, Labeinyachandra) was a king of Manipur kingdom from 1798 C.E. to 1801 C.E.

Q: What is Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010?
A: The Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 was passed by the United States Congress on December 16, 2010 and signed into law by President of the United States

Q: What is Carrot Top?
A: Scott Thompson (born February 25, 1965), better known by his stage name Carrot Top, is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He is known for his bright red hair, prop comedy, and self-deprecating humor.

Q: What is Sjöbo Municipality?
A: Sjöbo Municipality () is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Sjöbo.

Q: What is Jean Darnel?
A: Jean Darnel (1923 – 20 November 2020) was a French actor and director. He was born in Bayonne, France.

Q: What is Staufen, Aargau?
A: Staufen is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in the country of Switzerland.

Q: What is Mina Salman?
A: Mina Salman is a seaport in Manama, Bahrain. Mina Salman was a natural harbour before the establishment in 1962.

Q: What is Austria in the Eurovision Song Contest?
A: Austria has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 57 times since its debut in . Österreichischer Rundfunk (ORF) is the Austrian broadcaster.

Q: What is Montane Pinocchio frog?
A: The montane Pinocchio frog (Litoria vivissimia) is a frog from the island of New Guinea. Scientists saw it on Hides Ridge in the Southern Fold Mountains in Papua New Guinea.

Q: What is Internet leak?
A: An internet leak is when someone's personal property is given away to the public on the Internet. This usually happens with copyrighted music and film before it is released properly.

Q: What is Getxo?
A: Getxo is a municipality of 77,139 people (2021). It is in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain.

Q: What is Tony Popovic?
A: Tony Popovic (born 4 July 1973) is a former Australian football player. He has played for Australia national team.

Q: What is Common degu?
A: , Germany The common degu is a small rodent from Chile. They live in the Chilean matorral in central Chile.

Q: What is Shrimp toast?
A: Shrimp toast or prawn toast is a Chinese dim sum dish. It is small triangles of bread, brushed with egg and topped with chopped shrimp and baked or deep fried.

Q: What is Marcos Ferrufino?
A: Marcos Rodolfo Ferrufino Pérez (25 April 1963 – 25 June 2021) was a Bolivian football manager and player. He played as a defender.

Q: What is Rumilly-lès-Vaudes?
A: Rumilly-lès-Vaudes is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France. in Aube

Q: What is Wang Li?
A: Wang Li (born 14 November 1982) is a Chinese para archer, and sitting volleyball player. She is a member of the China women's national sitting volleyball team.

Q: What is Elmo Lincoln?
A: Elmo Lincoln (Otto Elmo Linkenhelt, February 6, 1889June 27, 1952) was an American movie actor. He played the first movie Tarzan in Tarzan of the Apes (1918).

Q: What is United States District Court for the Northern District of New York?
A: The United States District Court for the Northern District of New York (N.D.N.Y.) is one of the 94 judicial districts in the United States and one of the four districts in New York. The U.S.

Q: What is Vinovo?
A: Vinovo is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is home to the training ground of football club Juventus.

Q: What is Echidna (mythology)?
A: Echidna (Greek: from “Snake”) is a monster of Greek mythology, half woman, half serpent. Her parents were either the sea deities Phorcys and Ceto (according to Hesiod’s Theogony) or Tartarus and Gaia (in the account of the mythographer Apollodorus); in Hesiod, Tartarus and Gaia are the parents of Echidna’s husband, Typhon.

Q: What is Leonardo da Vinci–Fiumicino Airport?
A: Leonardo da Vinci–Rome Fiumicino Airport () is an international airport in Fiumicino, Italy, serving Rome. It is the busiest airport in the country, the 9th busiest airport in Europe and the 46th busiest airport in the world.

Q: What is Saïd Amara?
A: Saïd Amara (11 March 1933 – 2 August 2020) was an Algerian football player and manager. He was born in Saïda.

Q: What is Wozzeck?
A: Wozzeck is an opera by the Austrian composer Alban Berg (1885-1935). It was composed between 1914 and 1922 and first performed in 1925.

Q: What is Botany?
A: Botany is the study of plants. It is a science.

Q: What is Shah?
A: Shah () is a Persian word which means the king or ruler of a country. This word is used in different countries in the world, including Iran, India, Pakistan and Afghanistan.

Q: What is Simko Shikak?
A: Ismail Agha Shikak (Kurdish: ئیسماعیل ئاغا شکاک, Îsmaîl Axayê Şikak), also known as Simko (Kurdish: سمکۆ, Simko; 1887–1930), was a Kurdish chieftain of the Shekak tribe located in the West Azerbaijan province of Iran, who sided with the Ottoman Empire during World War I. He led attacks and revolts against the Qajar and Pahlavi states, as well as massacres against Assyrian and Armenian civilians.

Q: What is Geranium?
A: Geranium is a group of flowering plants. It is a genus with 422 species.

Q: What is Madek Kasman?
A: Madek Kasman is a weightlifter. Kasman competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is Paul Gray?
A: Paul Dedrick Gray (April 8, 1972 – May 24, 2010) was an American musician and bassist for Nu Metal band Slipknot. He was born in Los Angeles, California and moved to Slipknot's home town when he was just a baby.

Q: What is Aortic aneurysm?
A: An aortic aneurysm is a general term for an enlargement (dilation) of the aorta to greater than 1.5 times normal size. While the cause of an aneurysm may be unknown, the result is weakness in the wall of the aorta at that location.

Q: What is Yahiro Kazama?
A: is a former Japanese football player and manager. He played for the Japan national team.

Q: What is Bidyadanga Community?
A: Bidyadanga is a community in Western Australia. It is the biggest Aboriginal community in the state.

Q: What is Andrew Telegdi?
A: Andrew Telegdi, PC (András Telegdi; May 28, 1946 &ndash; January 23, 2017) was a Hungarian-born Canadian politician. He was a Liberal Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2008, representing Waterloo and the successor riding of Kitchener—Waterloo.

Q: What is Copford?
A: Copford is a village and civil parish in Colchester borough, Essex, England. In 2001 there were 1643 people living in Copford.

Q: What is Arc the Lad?
A: Twilight of the Spirits: known in Europe as Arc: Twilight of the Spirits is an tactical role-playing video game, developed by Cattle Call and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the sixth installment of the Arc the Lad series, and first series for the PlayStation 2, released in Japan and North America in 2003, and Europe in 2004.

Q: What is José Abal?
A: José Manuel Abal Lores (born 15 July 1961) is a disability sport athlete from Spain. He is a T53/F53 type track and field athlete.

Q: What is Anthony Downs?
A: Anthony Downs (; November 21, 1930 &ndash; October 2, 2021) was an Americans Before 1977, Downs served for 18 years a member and then Chairman of Real Estate Research Corporation. He also was a Senior Analyst at the RAND Corporation and a professor at the University of Chicago.

Q: What is Chicago flood?
A: The Chicago flood happened on April 13, 1992. It was caused when the damaged wall of a utility tunnel beneath the Chicago River opened into a breach which flooded basements and underground facilities throughout the Chicago Loop with an estimated of water.

Q: What is Notre-Dame-de-Sanilhac?
A: Notre-Dame-de-Sanilhac is a former commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Dordogne department in southwest France.

Q: What is Merchant banker?
A: Merchant banking is a combination of banking and consultancy services. It provides consultancy to its clients for financial, marketing, managerial and legal matters.

Q: What is Sargam (1995 movie)?
A: Sargam is a Pakistani Urdu movie. It was directed by Syed Noor.

Q: What is Mario Saliwa?
A: Mario Ngqiuyomizi Saliwa (6 March 1984 &ndash; 31 May 2015) was a South African first-class cricketer. He played for teams such as the Eagles and Free State.

Q: What is Phototroph?
A: Phototrophs (photo = light, troph = nutrition) or photoautotrophs are organisms which carry out photosynthesis. With their plastids and the help of energy from sunlight, carbon dioxide and water are converted into sugar by photosynthesis.

Q: What is Pedro Pierluisi?
A: Pedro Rafael Pierluisi Urrutia (born April 26, 1959) is a Puerto Rican attorney, lobbyist, and politician. He was the Governor of Puerto Rico from January 2, 2021 until January 2, 2025.

Q: What is Component-based software engineering?
A: Component-based software engineering, or component-based software development is an idea from computer science. It says that complex systems should be made of smaller pieces, called components.

Q: What is Rockwell City, Iowa?
A: Rockwell City is a city in Iowa in the United States. It is the county seat of Calhoun County.

Q: What is Helena, Arkansas?
A: Helena is the eastern portion of Helena-West Helena, Arkansas, a city in Phillips County, Arkansas. As of the West Helena.

Q: What is Sonian Forest?
A: The Sonian Forest (, ) is a large forest in the south-eastern part of Brussels, Belgium. The forest is in the Flemish parts of Sint-Genesius-Rode, Hoeilaart, Overijse and Tervuren, Uccle , Watermael-Boitsfort, Auderghem and Woluwe-Saint-Pierre in the Brussels-Capitale Region and in the Walloon towns of La Hulpe and Waterloo.

Q: What is Barbara Guest?
A: Barbara Guest, born Barbara Ann Pinson (September 6, 1920 – February 15, 2006), was an American poet and prose writer. Guest was part of the first generation New York School of poets who often used words as painters use paint.

Q: What is Lincoln County, Oklahoma?
A: Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Q: What is Area code 414?
A: Area code 414 is an area code for Wisconsin. It was created as one of the initial area codes in 1947.

Q: What is Tirich Mir?
A: Tirich Mir (also called Terich Mir and Terichmir) is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region of northern Pakistan. It lies in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

Q: What is Sartirana Lomellina?
A: Sartirana Lomellina is a comune in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy. in Pavia

Q: What is Méailles?
A: Méailles is a commune of 118 people (2022). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeast France.

Q: What is Humphry Davy?
A: Sir Humphry Davy, 1st Baronet, FRS (Fellow of the Royal Society) (born 17 December 1778 in Penzance, Cornwall, England; died 29 May 1829 in Geneva City, Switzerland), was a Cornish chemist. His study of chemistry led to the first pure forms of some of the chemical elements such as water and sodium.

Q: What is Sarcohyla crassa?
A: The aquatic tree frog or Bogert's aquatic tree frog (Sarcohyla crassa) is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives in cloud forests.

Q: What is PHX Arena?
A: PHX Arena is an multi-use arena located in Phoenix, Arizona that serves as the home for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the Phoenix Mercury of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). The arena was also the home of the Phoenix Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1996 until 2003.

Q: What is Jean-Henri Voulland?
A: Jean-Henri Voulland (11 October 1751, Uzès, Gard – 23 February 1801, Paris) was a politician of the French Revolution. He was the 31st President of the National Convention from 6 to 21 December 1793.

Q: What is Elias Lönnrot?
A: Elias Lönnrot (9 April 1802 – 19 March 1884) was a Finnish philologist. He collected traditional spoken poems and made a book of them.

Q: What is Inchy-en-Artois?
A: Inchy-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Q: What is Text grammar?
A: A text grammar is the study of texts above the level of the sentence. It shows how texts are put together so as to convey ideas, facts, messages, and fiction.

Q: What is National Olympic Committee?
A: A National Olympic Committee (NOC) is an organization under the International Olympic Committee's (IOC) control.

Q: What is Sound of the Desert?
A: Sound of the Desert () is a 1932 Polish adventure romantic comedy movie directed by Michał Waszyński and starring Nora Ney, Eugeniusz Bodo, Maria Bogda, Adam Brodzisz.

Q: What is 2022 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament?
A: The 2022 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament was a single-elimination college basketball tournament. There were 68 teams in it.

Q: What is Irina Antonova?
A: Irina Aleksandrovna Antonova () (20 March 1922 – 30 November 2020) was a Russian art historian. He was a Director of the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts in Moscow for 52 years, from 1961 to 2013.

Q: What is Yoxall?
A: Yoxall is a town in Staffordshire, England, UK. The river Swabourne flows through the town and it is close to the A515 road.

Q: What is Al-Manar (magazine)?
A: Al Manar (ː The Lighthouse) was a Islamic magazine written in the Arabic language, and was published and edited by Rahid Rida from 1898 to 1935. The magazine wanted to bring back the Pan-Islamic caliphate along with Islamic laws.

Q: What is Tetrigidae?
A: Tetrigidae is a family in the order Orthoptera, which also includes crickets, grasshoppers, and katydids. Species within the Tetrigidae are variously called grouse locusts, pygmy locusts, groundhoppers or pygmy grasshoppers.

Q: What is Delta County, Colorado?
A: Delta County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S. state of Colorado.

Q: What is Nanakshahi calendar?
A: , the founder of Sikhism. The Nanakshahi calendar is a solar calendar used in Sikhism.

Q: What is Academic library?
A: Academic libraries are a type of library that focuses on education materials. They are usually part of a university or college.

Q: What is Man Singh's campaigns against the Yusufzai Afghans?
A: Man Singh's campaigns against the Yusufzai clan was a military engagement that took place during the reign of King Akbar of Hindustan, Who sent Raja Man Singh and Todarmal to occupy Kabul and subdue the Afghans.

Q: What is Beverly D'Angelo?
A: Beverly Heather D'Angelo (born November 15, 1951) is an American actress. She acts mostly in movies.

Q: What is Choudhary Rahmat Ali?
A: Chaudhry Rahmat Ali or Rehmat Ali Khan (November 16, 1897 - February 12, 1951) was an Indian Muslim who was one of the first people to ask for the creation of the state of Pakistan. He is famous for coining the name, or term "Pakistan" on January 28, 1933.

Q: What is Water for Elephants?
A: Water for Elephants is a novel by Sara Gruen. It was published in 2006 by Algonquin Books.

Q: What is Fargo (1996 movie)?
A: Fargo is a 1996 American black comedy-drama crime thriller movie. The Coen brothers made this movie, which is set in 1987.

Q: What is Sonia Ursu-Kim?
A: Sonia Ursu-Kim is a Romanian–South Korean basketball player. Ursu-Kim competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Q: What is The Gang of Four Messing up Hong Kong?
A: The Gang of Four Messing up Hong Kong(traditional Chinese: 亂港四人幫) was first used by Sing Pao Daily News in August 2016 to call these four men as a group – Zhang Xiaoming, Leung Chun-ying, Jiang Zaizhong and Tung Chee Hwa. Sing Pao Daily News kept writing for months that the group had been causing trouble in Hong Kong for their own gain.

Q: What is Camborne?
A: Camborne is a town in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is at the western edge of a conurbation consisting of Camborne, Pool and Redruth.

Q: What is Safety Last!?
A: Safety Last! is a 1923 silent movie. It is a romantic comedy.

Q: What is Traylor Howard?
A: Traylor Elizabeth Howard (born June 14, 1966) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in the TV shows Monk and Two Guys and a Girl.

Q: What is Azure Mountain?
A: Azure Mountain is a mountain in Waverly, Franklin County, New York. It is 2,323 feet (708 metres) tall.

Q: What is Deposed Queen Yun?
A: Deposed Queen Yun (, 1445? August 16, 1482) was a queen of Joseon Dynasty. She was the second wife of King Seongjong.

Q: What is Allegany County?
A: Allegany County is the name of two counties in the United States: * Allegany County, Maryland * Allegany County, New York

Q: What is Targa Florio?
A: Targa Florio (1906–77) was a road race for automobiles. It was on the island of Sicily in the south of Italy.

Q: What is Edwin Schlossberg?
A: Edwin Arthur Schlossberg (born July 19, 1945) is an American designer, artist, and author. He is the founder and principal designer of ESI Design.

Q: What is Herriman, Utah?
A: Herriman is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. establishments in Utah Territory establishments in the United States establishments in Utah in Salt Lake County, Utah

Q: What is Gorgoroth?
A: Gorgoroth are a Norwegian black metal band that are currently based in Bergen. The band was formed in 1992 by guitarist Infernus after he made a "deal with the Devil".

Q: What is Ronald Reagan 1984 presidential campaign?
A: Ronald Reagan, the 40th President of the United States, announced his candidacy for re-election as president in Washington, D.C. on November 3, 1983.

Q: What is Philippi, West Virginia?
A: Philippi (pronounced 'FILL-uh-pea') is a city in — and the county seat of — Barbour County, West Virginia The 1861 Battle of Philippi was fought in the city during the American Civil War.

Q: What is Penang?
A: Penang (also known Pulau Pinang) is a state in Malaysia. It is on the northwestern part of Malaysia.

Q: What is Nordheim vor der Rhön?
A: Nordheim vor der Rhön is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the upper Streu valley, between Ostheim and Fladungen.

Q: What is Swimming at the 1896 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle?
A: The men's 100 metre freestyle was a swimming event in the 1896 Summer Olympics. 6 swimmers were in the race.

Q: What is Brownfield, Texas?
A: Brownfield is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Q: What is Arteriosclerosis?
A: on an artery. Arteriosclerosis is a diseased condition of the arteries.

Q: What is Maizières, Calvados?
A: Maizières is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Q: What is Loviisa?
A: Loviisa () is a town in Uusimaa, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 15,500 people lived there.

Q: What is 2008 Lincolnshire earthquake?
A: The 2008 Lincolnshire earthquake occurred on the 27th of February 2008. This earthquake was measured on the Richter scale at 5.2.

Q: What is Rashid Rauf?
A: Rashid Rauf (ca. 1981 – 22 November 2008) was a person thought to work for Al-Qaeda.

Q: What is Machine?
A: A machine is a thing that is created by people to make work easier. It is a tool or invention which multiplies the effect of human effort.

Q: What is Khamaj?
A: Khamaj is an Hindustani classical Music based Raga which is named after Khamaj Thaat. Khamaaj is also known for having many popular Thumri's and Ghazal's composed in this raaga.

Q: What is Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi?
A: The Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi is the second-highest ranking executive officer in Mississippi, below the Governor of Mississippi.

Q: What is Gestalt therapy?
A: Gestalt therapy is a form of psychotherapy. It is a way of treating people who feel ill at ease.

Q: What is Painting?
A: caves Painting is using colors to make visual art. It is also the word for a painted work of art.

Q: What is Capitola, California?
A: Capitola is a city in Santa Cruz County, California, United States. It is on the north side of Monterey Bay, on California Central Coast.

Q: What is Ante Šimundža?
A: Ante Šimundža (born 28 September 1971) is a former Slovenian football player. He has played for Slovenia national team.

Q: What is SC Wiener Neustadt?
A: SC Wiener Neustadt(official name SC Wiener Neustadt 08) is a footballclub from Austria. The club is playing in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Q: What is McMahon Line?
A: region. The line was the focus of a brief war in 1962, when Indian and Chinese forces struggled to control a disputed area (shown in red), much of which is a high altitude wasteland.

Q: What is Božidar Boki Milošević?
A: Božidar "Boki" Milošević (31 December 1931 &ndash; 15 April 2018) is a renowned Serbian and Yugoslav clarinetist.

Q: What is Sunan Abu Dawood?
A: Sunan Abu Dawood () is one of the Kutub al-Sittah (six major hadith collections). It was collected by Abu Dawood.

Q: What is Göran Persson?
A: Göran Persson (born January 20, 1949) was the Prime minister of Sweden between 1996 and 2006. He was the leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party, but quit in March 2007.

Q: What is Duplex (movie)?
A: Duplex (released in the United Kingdom and Ireland as Our House and in Poland as The Old Lady Must Go) is a 2003 American black comedy film directed by Danny DeVito (who also narrated the film) and written by Larry Doyle. The film stars Ben Stiller, Drew Barrymore, Eileen Essell, Harvey Fierstein, Justin Theroux, Jason Bateman and James Remar.

Q: What is Cyprus (island)?
A: Cyprus is a Mediterranean island off the coasts of Syria and Turkey. It is the third-largest island in the Mediterranean Sea; Sicily and Sardinia are larger.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          